Absentee ballots may be returned via mail or dropped off at a voter’s general registrar’s office, satellite location or at their polling place on Election Day.
A bus driver with a suspended license allegedly abandoned a bus full of children in the middle of dropping them off at their homes after school.
A Calgarian has been making care packages and dropping them off at people's doorways.
A car stolen early Thursday morning out of Prosser ended up at the bottom of a steep ravine off a county road after a wild chase.
Acate recently pulled off a huge emergency relief effort for Matses people who had been trapped in the jungle capital of Iquitos when Peru’s military imposed a strict COVID lockdown.
Accompanied by former U.S. Senator Mark Begich of Alaska, Folds kicked off the series by interviewing Mayor Pete Buttigieg, Congressman John Delaney, and Governor John Hickenlooper.
According to Guiness World Records, the largest lobster caught was off the coast of Nova Scotia in 1977.
According to Spanish radio network Cadena Ser, the greatest player in Barcelona’s history has called off negotiations over the extension of his contract at the club.
According to them, the workers will stay off work until security of lives and property at the hospital is guaranteed.
According to the National Integrated Drought Information System (), the longest drought since 2000 lasted 376 weeks from 2011 to 2019, and by no means is California off the hook.
A court heard on Friday the 43-year-old man believed coronavirus is a "genetically engineered virus created by world banks to kill off weaker humans".
Adam Schiff, the Democratic chair of the House intelligence committee, said that “Soleimani was responsible for unthinkable violence and world is better off without him.”
Additionally, U.S. Navy SEALs have trained with Taiwanese frogmen off the coast of the Penghu Islands during Operation Flash Tamper.
A few years ago, Verzola was involved in establishing a low-power FM radio station in a far-flung community, even though it took time before the initiative got off the ground.
A French-made Lafayette-class frigate (centre) takes part in military exercises off the coast of Taiwan on September 17, 2014.
A friend suggested he try comedy, and like most other comics, he started off with open mics back in 2016.
After each shift, she pulled off her nonporous purple Nikes and slipped into beat-up leather slides before entering her car.
"Aftermath" is off the band's self-titled album out June 5. was recorded with producer Will Putney ( frontman Jeremy McKinnon.
After months of sheltering in place in my suburban neighbor-hood, I could no longer put off a downtown appoint-ment.
After selecting offensive linemen Chris Lindstrom and right tackle Kaleb Gary in the first round a year ago, it wasn’t surprising the Falcons focused on defense coming off their second consecutive 7-9 finish.
After shrugging off USC’s worst rushing performance in more than two full years, Graham Harrell sent a message early on Saturday.
After the Charles Schwab Challenge in early June, former Tour pro told the BBC that the “time has come” for officials to introduce a “tournament ball for professionals” to curb DeChambeau and others from long hitting off the tee.
After Tim Anderson led off with his second single of the game, Jose Abreu came strolling up with two down and Anderson in scoring position.
A graphic produced by Johns Hopkins researchers shows the number of new infections dropping off over the last couple of days.
A great way to kick off the pre-season in Merritt!
A group of chanting supporters, waving flags and firing off the occasional flare, took up a position on the other side of barriers at the northeast corner of the stadium.
AJ Walker scored 18 points for Air Force (12-20), which advanced off a 77-70 win against Fresno State on Wednesday.
A karateka shows off the necessary discipline and focus needed to succeed.
All bets are off on when that will change.
All eastbound traffic was diverted off of I-70 at Northfield Quebec Street in Denver.
All exploitation of animals is off the table.
Allie is off in AEW.
Allison, can you just start off by telling us where these new cases are coming out in the U.S.?
All my friends were going to college, and then I was going off to do this other thing.
“All of this was built off one conversation,” explained Tajahi Cooke, who acted as something of a maestro for the ongoing series.
A lot of Goop’s experimentation involves already-familiar practices, as illustrated on the series and explored in-depth on Goop.com. Jumping into a freezing ocean to prolong life and stave off anxiety?
“A lot were caught off guard with the furloughs and some weren’t happy with how it all came about.
Also, in a move that would sound very familiar in 2017, up to one hundred Chinese civilian fishing boats entered territorial waters around the Taiwanese island of Matsu, just off the coast of the mainland.
Also on the list of nagging annoying things here, Jim Rice leads off the fourth with a single off Gooden, bringing Don Baylor to the plate.
Although the anime's version of the Mujina Bandits arc is much different, a successful prison break would certainly kick off the events that fans are more familiar with.
Although this works out better than individual standard tickets, there is no discount for travelling off peak or on weekends — and it’s unlikely to make any semi- frequent traveler any savings.
Amanda first worked with Phillip when she stepped into Holly's shoes when the This Morning star took a year off the show to have her third baby four years ago in October 2014.
American Webb Simpson and six others are tied for third, a stroke off the lead, while world No. 1 Rory McIlroy is in 101st and in danger of missing the cut.
America’s past is irredeemable, as difficult to wash off as tar.
An analysis from CNN's John Harwood explained that only one other president since World War II has left the White House with the jobs situation in the country worse off than when he came into office.
And a lot of this – the platforms and the technology – is thanks to Dallas ISD’s staff and teachers, who pulled off the Herculean yet again, just months after getting 3,000 students into classrooms within 48 hours after a tornado.
Anderson’s guidance paid off when he instructed Cody to pick up his legs when Allin was jumping from the top rope, which led him to a roll up victory.
And he was screaming, throwing things, and firing off weapons when they rushed the building.
And of course, practically everything is a decent chunk of change off its regular price.
“And of course, talks broke off Friday night with no deal.”
And rather than quietly die off — and signal a return to more normal economic times — the coronavirus has spread more rapidly in recent weeks.
Andrei said his salary had been 200 Euros a month, but he laughed off subsequent questions when Chuck and Charlie wanted specific answers.
Andress also has the above four cities involved in a recycling challenge that kicked off in November with a goal to reduce contamination rates in the OTM area.
And that these characters’ own journeys through trauma will happen off the screen and solely in the realm of our imaginations is perhaps Coel’s biggest gift of all.
And that was such a load off his shoulder.
And the advertising revenue you can get off that is barely enough to pay the data costs to upload the file to the interwebs.
And the folks who aren’t hungry or don’t want ice cream don’t have to pay or even get off the recliner to vote.
And then they talk me down off the ledge and I guess you’ll have to tune in to see what happens.’
And there aren’t many airplanes that can pull off the so-called “low-cost, low-altitude” airdrops that are best at quickly depositing stuff on a tiny drop zone on the top of a mountain.
And to start us off with Chapter 1, we think you’ll agree we have the perfect narrator.
And while on people, my assistant Alice Saywood has completed her training and has now gone off to be a psychotherapist.
And while some players have managed to hit the max, it appears fans now know who got there first, and they managed to pull it off in an incredibly short amount of time.
And yes, one more thing that’s off the charts (other than the US coronavirus death toll).
Another cluster was reported at Penygraig rugby club and one more with a coach trip to Doncaster races stopping off at a series of pubs on the way.
Another man waiting outside tackled the clerk to the ground and then took off with the woman.
Another Phyllis swap would be a bad idea, especially since Stafford pulls off the classic version with ease.
Another problem the NHS in Wales faces is the number of staff off sick – currently running at about 10%, double the average for this time of year.
Anti-SLAPP laws are designed to stop these types of lawsuits before they get off the ground.
Any "red" countries will be off the cards for holidaymakers, and the full list of places with a green or amber status is set to be revealed on 1 July.
Apple is expected to use a time-of-flight system, which measures the time that it takes for light to bounce off of objects in a room to generate a 3D map.
Arsenal face Everton kick off 5.30pm.
As Donald Trump and Joe Biden faced off in the final Presidential debate, Ariana Grande took over the Oval Office as the new Commander in Chief for her new music video.
A search is underway after a light plane failed to arrive in Queensland after taking off from the NSW Far North Coast yesterday.
As Earth's Mightiest Heroes go their separate ways following Loki's defeat, Steve Rogers rides off into the sunset on his motorbike.
A seismic survey ship operates off the coastline of mid-Atlantic states.
As for Oakland, it had the misfortune of trying to gets hits off White Sox ace Lucas Giolito.
Ashley Resch showed off her booty gains to her nearly 900,000 fans on Wednesday, May 13, when she took to the popular social media platform to post a before-and-after collage comparing the transformation of her glutes from November to today.
A short time later, Bate leapt off the ropes into a Codebreaker from Devlin in a cool spot.
As I lowered myself into the not-quite-tepid deep end, flopping into the water like an ungainly seal and kicking off the back wall, the muscle memory of my early years returned.
Asked if he thought Jose Altuve knew which pitch was coming when he slammed a game-winning home run off Aroldis Chapman in Game 6 of the 2019 A.L.C.S., Sanchez said he wasn’t sure.
As long as the number of holdouts is tiny, countries have often elected to simply pay them off rather than deal with the nuisance of a potentially lengthy courtroom battle.
As many fans understandably thought it was hypocritical to dismiss all superhero movies while his name was attached to one, it was later confirmed that Warner Bros. merely needed Scorsese's filmmaking crew to pull off production in New York City.
As noted by Mount Royal University's Bratt, building pipelines was a key part of the premier's election campaign last year and the government would have understood the blowback of letting Keystone fall off the table.
As outrage exploded in Kenosha, Wis., over a police shooting, Deshann Sanchez wanted to impart the lessons that she and other demonstrators learned when facing off with authorities following the death of George Floyd.
A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket lifted off from Launch Complex 39a – the same launchpad used during the historic Apollo 11 Moon landings.
As the pandemic began to tighten its grip across the country in March, discussions about whether or not to host the rodeo began, but a decision was put off until the end of June.
A superb live music pub just off the main road through Bethnal Green, Sebright Arms is also part of the Budweiser Save Pub Life scheme: buy a gift voucher, Budweiser will match and donate that amount, and you can redeem your drinks once the bar reopens.
As we all know, Watt was rumored to be on the trading block as a result of the Texans getting off to a brutal 2-6 start and looking to still get value for the superstar defensive end.
At her daily press conference, Ardern pointed to the Australian state of Victoria, where a case at a factory had resulted in a spike of new cases, saying it showed just how easily the virus could take off again.
At his final stop of the day in Rochester, Minnesota, the president stalked off the stage after less than 30 minutes, visibly angry at state restrictions that denied him the large crowd of supporters he prefers.
Atlas submitted a resignation letter to Trump on Monday, the official told the New York Daily News, capping off a four-month tenure at the White House that was marred by controversy.
At Marriott’s W Hotel in Westwood, Elmer Saravia, 39, was afraid last week he would be laid off from his $22-an-hour housekeeping job.
At P.S. 88 in Queens, school children showing off the cabbage they raised on a one-acre farm.
At school, Will says that he fell off the monkey bars.
At that moment, it was clear that food waste was going to start taking off in New Jersey, not just because of the national policy and impact discussion that was going on, but because we had some different stars aligning in New Jersey.
At the end of the night, the barman’s instructions were not to count the money, do a stock check and square it all off against the cash register printout.
At the moment, players can pick up the standard edition of for $49.99, which is 29% off its original price of $69.
At the very least, he kicked off one hell of a party: the roads were once again filled with celebration at the conclusion of the match.
AUBURN (CBS13) – The Cal Fire NEU station in Auburn, just off of Interstate 80, has trucks and crews ready to go at a moment’s notice amid the heatwave.
Auger-Aliassime, 20, is coming off an impressive 6-2, 6-3, 6-4 victory over three-time Grand Slam champion Andy Murray of Great Britain on Thursday night.
Authorities reported the deaths all took place in Nakhon Si Thammarat province, where television footage showed staff members of a hospital piling up sandbags outside an emergency room to fend off water gushing in from the street.
A young American robin shows off its spotted breast.
Back in May, when the Indian economy was due to coronavirus-linked lockdowns, Asia’s richest banker Uday Kotak pulled off a giant feat by raising a staggering Rs7,442 crore ($992 million) from institutional investors.
Bald eagles flew off the endangered species list in 2007 when their numbers had recovered in nearly all their original ranges.
Banks knocked Baszler off of ringside but Asuka turned the momentum.
BC will now face off against Harvard next week in the Beanpot consolation game, while BU will move on to play Northeastern in the championship.
Be a rebel and watch Brad Pitt battle the undead in All have their merits, but it may be time to add a new staple to the list of beloved list of zombie entertainment that gets dusted off along with the fake tombstones and cobwebs that decorate the lawn.
Beatrice, the two seed, knocked off Platteview, 51-47.
“Because what it is is basically they are shutting off all news, all children do not know anything about vote frauds.
Beginning later this year, we will direct anyone to credible information off Facebook if they search for terms associated with the Holocaust or its denial on our platform.”
Besides offering online church services on YouTube, Mountain View will set up socially-distanced chairs and have an area sectioned off for vehicles for those who want to stay in the comfort of air-conditioned cars.
"Between March and June … sellers took their homes off the market.
Bey skipped the red carpet, but all eyes were on her as she arrived to the event in a skintight black gown, which showed off her amazing figure to perfection.
Biden capped off a day of last-minute campaigning in his hometown of Scranton, Pa., and in Philadelphia with a couple of local stops in Wilmington, Del.
Biden steps off the airplane at Wilkes-Barre Scranton International Airport with granddaughters Finnegan and Natalie.
Bill Thompson, head of alternative television at Los Angeles-based Verve, says the transition has, for the most part, gone off without a hitch.
Bishop Muge, on August 14, 1990, set off on a journey from which he was never to come back alive.
Bitcoin’s current price of $8,787 remains a long way off its $20,000 high, which it reached in 2017.
Boat sinks off Spain’s Costa Blanca with crew rescued by migrant surveillance.
Boston led by as many as 16 in the final quarter before walking off the floor with a 13-point win.
Both North and South Dakota pursued a mostly-hands off policy.
Bowen, the Milwaukee lawmaker, said legisltors shouldn’t put off reforms any longer.
Bowser kicked off a virtual discussion on racial injustices after Longoria revealed the night would focus on systemic racism, the coronavirus pandemic and the economic crisis – and how Democrats plan to tackle those issues.
Boxley said that there are sometimes moments of deep emotion or frustration as someone has an off day or things do not go according to plan.
Bradley Chubb and Von Miller bursting off the line pic.
Bruce had already lost Dummett early on when Gayle was forced off with a hamstring injury after 27 minutes.
Bukayo Saka curled narrowly wide, Pepe had free-kick tipped over by Martin Dubravka and Shkodran Mustafi saw his hooked shot headed off the line by Joelinton.
But a fortress offensive line can at the very least help keep a flailing defense off the field.
But after Peter stacked the dishwasher, hoovered, cleaned the kitchen counters and tidied up in the living room, he proudly showed off his sparklingly clean abode.
But as he came up the stairs and was ushered into the bathroom, the dog attempted to hide in the corner of the room to avoid being cleaned off in the tub.
But discussing your estate plan and intentions with your children could give you unexpected insights and may help stave off future problems.
But he doesn’t say anything to his friends in the moment, and their wives and I often joke about it, like “so and so is going to run off with your husband, hahahah.”
But his warnings were shrugged off by government ministers in the UK – public health experts had been sidelined and a newer breed of scientist was in favour at No 10.
But I love the old slasher films, and I just thought this one headed off into a new direction.
But in endangered species such as the orange-bellied parrot or the swift parrot, an infection could kill off the last few remaining birds.
But I think having it together it makes it so we can improvise off of each other.
But it’s not just also indulging in the cream off the top of the milk bottle that brings one of life’s simple pleasures to customers, says dairy producer Richard Fisher, the founder of Invercamey Dairy, near Fyvie in Aberdeenshire.
But it told much about Bass's willingness to reach out to share her expertise to see that a grassroots community-based non-profit got off the ground.
But nothing prepared me for the reality of it all: being cut off from everything I knew, out in the desert, living in a tank, sleeping in the dirt, with no toilet or shower, with 100-odd guys I had never met before.
But now municipal officials say firefighters have to cover up or take off their uniforms, because the city can't support the publication of photos of its employees in states of undress.
But officials in Portland, the state’s largest city, are preparing to block off streets in June to give restaurants more space for outdoor dining, which is considered less risky than dining indoors.
But pointing fingers at one another with warning messages is likely to confuse and turn off users in both camps.
But right now, we're laying you off so that you can get these benefits.
But the data was available on Friday, meaning the announcement could have been made more than 24 hours earlier, before thousands had set off for the airport, and giving those in Spain time to change their plans.
But the designer - who said it was 'morally wrong' anyway as it was 'ripping off higher end designs' - had to repeatedly tell his bosses he didn't want to go as the research left him more vulnerable to racial profiling.
But the Mask had a pass picked off in return by Sylvan Hills’ Gerald Clark.
But, there’s a question as to what happens if some off the ballots are not signed.
By no means a known name in the golf world, Baker is not long off the tee but is sneakily one of the more accurate drivers of the golf ball out there (ninth on the PGA TOUR in the ’19-’20 season).
Cabinet signed off on the decisions this afternoon, following recommendations from the National Public Health Emergency Team (NPHET).
Call an 070 number (notice how close this is to a normal mobile number) and you can throw in the shirt off your back, too.
“Cam always came off as the good-time girl, the fun girl, the sexy girl,” said a former assistant to the actress.
Can you talk about your experience of discrimination on and off the job, and how you think that influenced the way you did your job as chief?
Caruso's three-pointer off a pass from James with 34.6 seconds left made it 108-100, and the Lakers escaped.
Chadwick Boseman’s T’Challa may believe that death is not the end, but merely a stepping off point.
CHICAGO, Ill., May 28, 2020 (SEND2PRESS NEWSWIRE) — What started out as a small family project for three teenagers concerned for their grandparents’ safety during quarantine has taken off with the launch of COVID-19 Wristband, LLC.
China had managed to largely keep the coronavirus off of its soil since late April, so participants in vaccine trials needed to be sent overseas to find out if the vaccine really worked.
China’s central bank vowed further support for its economy, with the outbreak expected to knock two percentage points, or more, off its first-quarter growth, from 6%, analysts said.
Chung pulls them out by their feet, holds them upside down to show off their plump breasts.
City has won three of its six league games at the start of its bid to wrest the title back off Liverpool.
Clare Arnold (Kathleen Robertson) is in relationships with Steve and David throughout the show, and although she has a big crush on Brandon and they almost start dating, their relationship never really gets off the ground.
Coming off an all-star season in 2019, hopes were high that Dahl would become a force in Colorado’s lineup, but the shoulder injury bothered him since January and landed him on the injured list near the end of the season.
Coming off of close games against Penn State and Ohio State near the end of the season, the team seemed rejuvenated and cohesive like never before.
Communications remained cut off in Tigray after services disappeared at just around the time Abiy’s office first announced the attack and military action on Wednesday.
Confined to their cabins, passengers aboard a mammoth cruise ship off the test results Friday amid evidence the vessel was the breeding ground for a deadly cluster of cases during its previous voyage.
Connecticut Sea Grant said 251 full- and part-time employees have been laid off in February and March.
Construction kicked off with the demolition of the old Fire Department Training Center on Hamilton Rd. in LaGrange on July 12, 2019.
CORPUS CHRISTI, Texas — Tony Lewis had 19 points and 12 rebounds off the bench to carry Texas A&M-Corpus Christi to a 78-70 win over Incarnate Word on Saturday.
Could tonight's jackpot of £8.5million see you handing in your notice, jetting off to the Bahamas or driving a new Porsche off a garage forecourt?
Covered in dye, she said: 'Oh god it's stinging', before waiting a few minutes and rubbing the mixture off her eyes'.
Cowardin said health officials had everyone sign off on the campaign — even the county commissioners — so there were no surprises.
CT: Bible journalling has taken off in a big way in recent years.
Currie emerged from the 1.9km swim in Lake Wanaka in second place and was "nervous" after coming off the 90km cycle out towards Treble Cone and back through Lake Wanaka.
CUSD has said that when campuses can reopen—which could be in less than two weeks should the county stay off the watch list—it plans to transition to the hybrid model.
Davies combs Cook through extra cover for four, then another pierces the off side.
Davis and Simpson barely knew one another before setting off to Michigan to report together, but now share the easy banter of longtime colleagues.
Dawn walked the few blocks uptown to drop off a card for him.
DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. (AP) — President Donald Trump made a dramatic entrance at Daytona International Speedway on Sunday, setting off a raucous celebration at the famed NASCAR track.
Deal with the problem, get it off your chest, understand where we are going and then start working with the feelings.
Dean Palazzolo led off with a single.
De Blasio has said the process will begin immediately although the mayor did not provide an end date by which time all of New York's homeless would be out of city hotels and off the streets.
“Defend LAPD” protesters were allowed to enter the police station to cool off from the sun during the protest.
Defensive end Jayson Oweh’s hit on McCaffrey on the ensuing drive forced a wobbly throw that was picked off by linebacker Brandon Smith.
Democratic vice presidential candidate Sen. Kamala Harris, D-Calif., speaks at Carpenters Local Union 1912 in Phoenix, Thursday, Oct. 8, 2020, to kick off a small business bus tour.
Did I nod off when he answered that one?
Digging in deep enough that it made Mysterio bleed, now fans are hoping that Mysterio can recover from this just as easily as he recovered from getting tossed off a building.
Dinner was ready at around 7 p.m., so I walked down the hall to my children’s wing and dropped off their plates — with a bell, so they could ring for me and get my attention when I didn’t have my phone with me.
Drafts and signings haven’t paid off at all on defense.
Dragic has become one of the best sixth men in the league this season, so now the Heat has a steady veteran presence off the bench and late in games, something it would be lacking if the team had traded him.
Drake Burroughs fits under this Zodiac sign, which is known for both its need to show off and its dedication to others.
Dr Fridah Govedi, the head of the national blood transfusion service, admits that the government was caught off guard by the decision to end funding, saying they had expected it to run up to March 2020.
Duke started off hot leading the Cardinals 22-12 after the first quarter.
During my first use, the toothpaste slides off the vibrating bristles.
During the early stages, he looked set to get his own back and overcome the heels, but he ended up being taken off television shortly after Liv Morgan returned to and began feuding with Lana.
During the meeting, Wetherington broke down in tears and “admitted that the hat did not blow off of his head, but blew off of the light bar,” according to the court record.
Earlier, he took a foul tip off the protector on his lower leg and appeared to be in pain.
Earlier in the week, world number 229, Elliot Benchetrit asked a ball-girl to peel off a banana’s skin for him during the qualifying rounds of Australia Open.
Earlier this week, Trump said he had begun taking hydroxychloroquine in order to ward off COVID-19, despite the fact that have shown the drug is not only ineffective against coronavirus, but could also lead to serious complications, including death.
Earlier Thursday, he said the conversation between Trudeau and Macron kicks off a necessary healing process, but he said he feared Trudeau might come off as insincere.
Early opposition came from manufacturers, who worried they may need to kick someone off the board who was not a woman or an African American to comply.
Earnings season kicked off on Tuesday with JPMorgan reporting second-quarter profits that beat expectations as investment banking revenues surged 91%.
Eddie blows off Steve to be partners with Kenny "the Spider" Jackson, but Urkel doesn't stay down for long.
Effy kicked out and flipped him off and RSP hit several choke breakers for the win.
Egged on by Utah’s virulently anti-public land Congressional delegation ( former House Committee on Natural Resources Chairman Rob Bishop), Trump signed off on a massive 2- the monuments in December 2017.
Elizabeth had asked Andrei to be good so nothing could ruin their wedding, and so Andrei decided to keep his hands off Charlie and he called for a cease fire.
Ellen DeGeneres seemed to continue to reinvent her talk show when she showed off a different slick hairstyle than the one we’re used to seeing on her, during recent episodes this past week.
Even an investment in Automatic Data Processing, where Ackman lost a bitter proxy contest in 2017, paid off as Ackman and ADP Chief Carlos Rodriguez discussed potential changes over dinner.
Even at Armaan Jain's wedding, one couldn't take their eyes off this shy but beautiful young girl.
Even if Joe Biden manages to pull off the giant win needed to snuff Trump, the question of the US' lost legitimacy will remain unresolved.
Event kicked off Tuesday with a Zoom call on Facebook.
Eventually, he bolted from the non-emergency and drove off to help Maya & Co. Though Grey Sloan told Vic the hospital wasn’t accepting non-COVID-related emergencies, she still had Travis take Kaden there.
Everton take off the limping Graham, and bring on Molly Pike.
Everyday Struggle is a daily hip-hop debate show where internet sensation DJ Akademiks and hip-hop veteran Wayno square off on the biggest topics in music and pop culture, moderated by journalist Nadeska Alexis.
Families can use the district book mobile to receive new books each Friday at various locations around town which coincide with the district’s meal drop off points.
Fenwick explained that Hollywood films like the Liam Neeson action flick Taken has given the public a skewed impression of human trafficking — one that involves women swept off the street and shipped to another country to be exploited.
Fight ferocious threats in brutal, unforgiving combat, slashing and tearing the limbs off your opponents to steal their equipment."
Fights broke out between groups outside London’s Waterloo station, with fireworks thrown before police cordoned off areas.
Finally, Tony is taking off the armor when "Bethany" threatens him.
Firefighters responded around 6:30am to Baker Drive off Magnolia Street.
Firefighters responded to a motor vehicle collision in the 4600 block of Muddy Creek Road in Harwood at around 12:19 p.m. Responders learned a pick-up truck had run off the road and up an embankment where it hit a utility pole and rolled over.
Fireworks are being set off right now.
FirstBank Southwest is kicking off its 20th year of sponsoring a community project geared toward children during the Christmas holidays.
Fitzjurls got off a shot along the baseline, which was too strong, but the ball was batted up in the air, hit the bottom of the back board and ricocheted to Faulkingham, who laid it in as the buzzer sounded.
For as much flak Goku gets from the fanbase for always saving the day, it’s been a very long time (Frieza, actually) since he finished off an arc villain all by himself.
For Ecclestone, the season’s uncertainty will only temporarily take the gloss off Hamilton’s achievements.
For good measure, they even use their famous Meowth balloon as a diversion while driving off with their haul in a truck.
For Karim Seifeldin, the worry lies more with how students will behave off campus, where UMaine has less supervision over students’ activities.
For parents of young children who are concerned about the risk of COVID-19 infection from surfaces like playgrounds, which have been off limits in cities like Toronto for months, the lack of evidence is no doubt frustrating.
For the first time in the main series, you can venture off the planet Pandora and explore what the rest of the game’s gorgeous universe has to offer, and there are more than 1 billion possible guns you can collect on your journey.
For Woods, who equalled Sam Snead's all-time PGA Tour wins mark at the inaugural Zozo Championship, this will mark his first start since missing the cut at last month's US Open where he struggled mightily off the tee.
Foto: Air Force One taking off with US President George W. Bush aboard after attending the NASCAR Nextel Cup Daytona 500 on February 15, 2004, at Daytona International Speedway in Daytona Beach, Florida.
FOUNTAINEBLEAU – There is no such thing as time off for this international cyclist.
Four ships from this task force broke off from the main group and sailed into the Barents Sea near the Kola Peninsula, the site of an extensive complex of Soviet military bases.
Francis took off the mask as his car pulled into the San Damaso courtyard inside the Apostolic Palace, where last week he resumed his weekly public audiences after a nearly six-month COVID-19 shutdown.
Freeman went deep in the first and Kike Hernandez led off the Dodgers fifth with a home run.
Friday’s result, which saw BJP pull off an impressive feat by taking his tally from 4 to 48, just 7 short of TRS, marked another example of the leadership’s seemingly risky tactic that paid off.
“From then on I didn’t expect my career to take off as quickly as it did so it was a lot to get your head around, now the companies I work for reach a global audience and have over one million subscribers which is just absolutely mental.”
From there, Daniel can once again offer high-quality training to students who will undoubtedly square off against Kreese's Cobra Kai crew.
FTR left due to Dax Harwood’s questionable injury, Hangman Page left with them only to return to the match, and Page looked like he tried to take Omega’s head off with a Buckshot Lariat that Brodie Lee ducked and Omega barely avoided.
Games will be a little bit colder, crowds may or may not be limited, and there is something a little bit off about the boys of fall competing in the spring.
George Bronkhorst fends off a delivery from a Newlands spinner during the 50 over promotion league match played at Newlands Oval On Sunday, 19 January.
Gerwig starts off with joy, restaging her famous run through the streets of New York from with Jo.
Get yours on Amazon today for just $400, $299 off its normal retail price of $699.
Giving someone a $1,200 fine off the bat is pretty egregious."
Glenn Smith finished off a purple patch of golf making it two in a row.
Gone Bye comes off a Canberra Guineas run and will like a little more ground here.
Gov. Charlie Baker taking off his mask during a press conference Tuesday in Boston.
Grab a guidebook and trail map off the shelf, search online or ask me for suggestions.
Gradisar says it's hard to think the numbers could be higher, but ultimately, he thinks they would be worse off without the curfew.
Greece has already transferred thousands off the islands since early 2020, but the camps remain under intense pressure.
Had he been human, he would have been sent off in a state funeral befitting a king of his status and exploits.
Hamer asks, “Is this America, the land of the free and home of the brave, where we have to sleep with our telephones off the hooks because our lives be threatened daily, because we want to live as decent human beings, in America?”
"Hanging off turrets and toiling away every day to achieve the pinnacle of that gloriously American brand of independence, Bishop worked with an almost cantankerous ambition," Barnes writes.
Hang on a little bit longer, and let’s stop the number of cases, let’s continue to flatten the curve, and we’ll be much better off down the road.”
Harbaugh is a great example of living off a name.
Harry and Meghan are "very relieved and very pleased" to have paid off the debt so quickly, a source close to the couple told Vanity Fair's royal correspondent, Katie Nicholl.
Has made 42 appearances in all competitions, albeit a number of which have been off the bench.
Haunted houses may get all the attention, but apartment buildings can give off some mighty…
"Having a guy like that takes a lot of pressure off a lot of guys on the team.
Heavily backed last start when he came from a long way off for third at Warren.
He blows off steam through boxing, which he calls a “serious cat and mouse game.”
He can drug you, he can steal your work portfolio, he can dash off fake emails and, more than anything, toy with your mind.
He eventually picked up a rock and threw it at the big cat who then took off and presumably went back to her cubs.
Hegerle sent 13 balls to the ground off 32 total attack attempts Friday against the Tigers.
He had to shut down his business and lay off all his workers.
He is also coming off a 27-point performance against Cal Poly SLO, in which he converted three of his four 3-point attempts.
He is a much better runner than a thrower, with the ability to take a snap and pull off a homerun with his legs.
Henderson and Bussell sat in the car in the parking lot until Rambert got off work a few hours later.
He needs to say what’s on his mind now, and gather those who can help him pull it off while the gathering’s good.
He plucked a dry leaf off the boy’s chest, then ran his fingers gently though his hair.
Here are five changes you’ll see as the free festival kicks off its three-day run at 5 p.m. Friday (May 17) and runs through 7 p.m. Sunday in downtown Salt Lake City.
He refuses to confirm or deny whether the £60m is off the table, a punishment for Mancunian intransigence.
Here's the thing though; only go along if you're a willing partici-pant, and will take your trousers off when required.
Here's What You Need to Remember: Japanese suicide missions dropped off appreciably after January 7, and the U.S. Navy Lingayen Gulf invasion force received only sporadic attacks.
Her eyebrows were well-defined, and she finished off her beauty look by applying a skin gloss all over her body and face.
Her family and friends started searching for her when they discovered her cellphone was off as it was very unusual for her not to answer her phone or for her to have it switched off.
Hermès Birkin bags are one of the most sought after handbags in celebrity culture, and it seems like we’re always seeing one star showing off at least one from their impressive collection on social media!
He routinely frustrated the Celtics during the conference finals, most notably with a 37-point performance in Game 4 off the bench.
He says many families held off on services because they weren’t sure what the city and statewide orders would allow.
"He's been a wonderful contributor since he's been here, he played in a grand final, and off the field has had a significant impact on everyone at the club.
He shrugged off Canadian complaints, saying he was not happy with 3M, the Minnesota-based manufacturer that is the dominant supplier of masks in North America.
He smugly tells her off and shows her the door, and then does the same thing to Cassandra (but not without thanking her for paying for the room).
He’s not a king, by the way; he’s just a Prince with no father around, so maybe he was sent off to that coastal castle because his snobby royal parents were ashamed of his illiteracy.
He spent three weeks living off meagre rations of rice and beans with the occasional treat if the stars did well in the trials.
He then added a 69th minute penalty and winger Mark Telea finished off the best movement of the match three minutes after that to cap the 11-point burst that gave the Blues enough room to clinch victory.
He took the summer off from rallies.
"He was effervescent, crazy and eccentric on the stage and off the stage," Keithley said.
He was most recently the Baltimore’s offensive coordinator from 2016 through 2018 and the ’ offense did better off without him in 2019.
He was the type of guy who would take his shirt off his back and give it to you.”
He went down a short head and is a few points bigger in the betting despite being better off in the weights.
Hidden away down Ely Court, a toothpick of an alley off Hatton Garden, the Grade II listed building was built in 1773, though a pub’s been there since the mid 1500s.
Higuita crashed again a few kilometres later and he got off his bike with 134km to go.
Hilde Timmerman, about to set off on one of Frontenac Park’s trails with her five-month-old daughter, welcomes the opportunity for a walk.
Hirsch went for a punt kick, but Shida hit a rising knee strike, only to finish Hirsch off with the falcon arrow to win the match.
His parents said their son was 18, off his medication and “rarely left his room” in surburban Toronto when he was arrested in New Jersey in 2016 during a family road trip.
His short cover of the song saw Stewart start off with The Raconteurs’ original lyrics, but then swap them out for ones that included, “It looks like we’ll be inside for a year but it might only be a day, a week, a month - it’s really not clear.”
Hopefully next year, Battlefront III just starts off at the level that II finally got to and goes beyond.
Hopefully, Ross The Boss the band will soon be back on the road performing; picking right up where it left off before the world came to a screeching halt.
Hopefully, this song gives a sense of escapism to people who want to switch off from the real world for a bit.”
Hosts can turn off any participant’s camera by opening the Participants panel and clicking on the video camera icon next to the person’s name.
Household-name actors who have traditionally been walled off from fans are now less of a draw for young, online consumers than YouTubers and TikTok stars who trade on their accessibility to followers.
How about by melting their faces off with a sick solo?
How do I turn off Sky Sports’ crowd noise on Premier League games?
However, Dean Examinations Vinay Gupta brushed off the allegations.
However, in a recent random post shared on Instagram, where she was asked if she would reconsider her ex-boyfriends, Guyo did not mince her words rubbishing off the idea.
However, it appears that fans can cross those off the list because Renee denied them all.
However, it was pushed back after concerns over a social gathering for seniors hosted by some parents off school property.
However, it was Rahul Tewatia, who turned hero when he smashed five sixes in the 18th over off Sheldon Cottrell to turn the match on its head.
However, Jack explains that his biggest inspiration comes from his desire to make people laugh, he said: ' I love when I get messages off of people that say its funny, or that it made their day.
However, the image was taken further away and at a titled angle, showing off her whole body including her toned and tanned legs.
However, when the core stage of the rocket re-entered the Earth’s atmosphere, it did not burn up completely and according to the US military, they have predicted that it crashed down into the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of West Africa.
Iain also spoke about the possibility of getting older cast to film scenes from their home to ensure they’re not off our screens for too long.
''I am going to go off the grid," Dina told her "Listen to me, The OG MAMA D! when asked about her wedding plans.
I battle to shut my mind off from work when I am at home, as this is a calling and not just a job to me.
I could still see light reflecting off of it at the bend, and could feel a slight dip when I ran my fingertip deliberately over the midline.
“I do not think Gulf economies are better off in the crisis than without the crisis,” Oxford Economics Middle East’ chief economist Scott Livermore told Al-Monitor.
'I don't know whether this is because the individual pieces are flashing on and off as they reflect sunlight, acting like twinkling lights on a Christmas tree, or because different fragments appear on different days.'
I don’t think it’s going to be everybody going back to work right off the bat.
“I do regret that I had to begin to cut myself off from people more, even pre-Covid, as there was only so much energy in the pot.
I dug my heels in and said if they wanted me off the ship, they would have to carry me off and it would be headline news in the next day’s papers.
"If, as a director I constantly have to think about how they are as an individuals off the screen, I won't be able to create a character and extract a performance out of them on screen," Ashwini added.
If either tries to pull off an intricate sign-stealing scheme again, he is a fool and should rightly lose his job.
If he can pick up where he left off football-wise and be a Pro Bowler in 2020, the comeback story will be complete!
“If he comes off as evasive, petulant and a smart aleck, this is going to be a killer in front of the court and the court of public opinion.”
If he has a healthy Saquon Barkley to hand the ball off to, things will change positively in his favor.
I filled two half-gallon jars of strawberry tops and topped off with filtered water until full.
“If the BJP leader was speaking the truth, he should furnish details of his travel like which flight I boarded and the time when it took off and landed,” he said.
If you end up watching Revolt of the ZombiesI Walked with a Zombie afterward, I swear off all responsibility.
If you just want to automate everything as much as you can, there's a scheduling option to have the Canvas II turn on and off when you want and what pictures you want it to show.
If you're using a leftover carcass, you'll need to pull it out and pick all the meat off the bones once you've cooked it long enough to have the broth taste like you want it.
If you still have an early ballot, it's far too late to mail it, so drop it off at any polling location.
I get that they’re alleging that someone turned off their microphone or something, but that’s something that could be verified with further investigation.
Ignoring the fact that the U.S. major indices are near record highs, investors can’t seem to shake off their case of the jitters as anticipation of future economic turbulence is becoming widespread.
“I had a year that nearly sent me off the edge,” this rising, 21-year-old British indie-pop singer-songwriter confesses at the outset of his latest record, “Pony,” and what a 12 months it’s been for Rex Orange County (Alexander O’Connor).
I had gone off the road at the Hillsboro exit just to take some pictures of some clouds and storms.
I had some questions I needed answered so I went in search of experts, not in nonprofit or government offices but on a dirt slope beside the southbound 101, in an alley off Fairfax Avenue, at a scraggly encampment on a trash-strewn block in Van Nuys.
“I have a wife and two children and we’re living off our savings.
“I have no recollection of it, but I was going to get in my car and go drive off a bridge.”
“I haven’t played in a whole year and some of the other girls either are new to Division I basketball or they’re freshmen or coming off injury.
“I hired him, we started off doing a step-by-step job,” said the homeowner.
I hope he pisses Bloomberg off so much that Bloomberg spends $100 million of his $55 Billion in every single state.
“I hope they remember everything they had to go through to even have a season and the way they needed to come together on and off the field.
"I imagine the logistical planning of all this would have been a nightmare, so hats off to them, they've done an amazing job."
I kept trying to pull this off the record.
I know I grabbed you off the street, but I’m just a criminal, not a federal agent!
“I know there are an awful lot of folks out there who are — write off this campaign.
I like making a full-length album because there is so much that is not off limits, whereas with an EP—I’ve only done one EP—it feels like everything has to make a huge statement, especially early on.
I’ll even drop it off at your place.
I'll just wander off on whatever it is that comes into my head; usually it's a load of nonsense, and they go "Good God, where'd that come from?"
I mean I dont support profiteering off of coronavirus name but I am equally against censorship!
I mean it was a part of me that I had to cut off and there’s a lot with that and why it was so emotional.
I mean, not disregarding the rest, but really using that as kind of a jumping off point for the film.”
I’m going to send this off to this person.
I miss the days when clueless hero was just lazy and not straight up ripping off decades old comics.
“I’m known to be a confident performer but when I’m off stage or out of the studio, I revert quickly to a primary school version of myself.
“I’m sure our right wing press will not do No 10’s bidding and use it to knock the main news off the front pages,” Mr Jones added.
In 1985, a passenger train traveling through Ethiopia hurled off the tracks, plunging four cars into a ravine.
In 2016, the NFL started an event called, “My Cause My Cleats” where players will wear special cleats to represent a charity of their choosing, and then after the game, those cleats will be auctioned off to benefit said charity.
In a case of extremely fortuitous timing, the first 16 oz cans of Heady Topper rolled off the line in the nearby, newly opened Alchemist production facility only two days after the flood put an end to the beer’s first home.
In addition to a lack of actual need for such a formal alliance, some experts suggest it could “tie Russia’s hands” and potentially scare off traditional partners.
In addition to the curbside pickups, the city also provides drop-off sites in the softball parking lot off Ruth Street, at the northeast corner of Pioneer Park, and in the parking lot off Hillbrooke Drive on the east side of Howard-Tietan Park.
In a group that is headlined by Barcelona and Juventus, we were, unfortunately, unable to see Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo face off this week but were still treated to some good football.
In a letter to committee members on Wednesday, PG&E Chief of State Government Relations DaVina Flemings said the company proactively turns off power “for one reason only and that is keeping customers and communities safe.”
In an extract from Finding Freedom: Harry and Meghan and the Making of a Modern Royal Family, authors Omid Scobie and Carolyn Durand claim the actress was warned off wearing such pieces.
In April of 2019, 103 single-family homes were taken off the market for an average price of 400-thousand dollars, while last month saw 21 homes change hands for an average price of 415-thousand dollars.
In a tearful confrontation, he admits that he slept with her ex-boyfriend and felt so ashamed that he cut off all contact.
In a Twitter reply that will serve as a major update to all Chiefs fans, suggested he might opt not to play should KC put off his extension into the regular season.
Incorporating styling traits from not only its hatch sibling but also the 8 Series Gran Coupe, the local 2 Series line-up kicks off with the 218i whose 1.5-litre turbocharged three-cylinder produces 100kW/220Nm.
India successfully tested the SANT or Spike Anti-tank guided missile from No-III launch pad of Chandipur test range off Odisha coast Monday.
Indoor restaurants and outdoor bars in San Francisco will not open next week as planned, while in Santa Clara County officials expect to reopen hair and nail salons but will also hold off on indoor dining because of rising coronavirus infection rates.
In Dundee, 175 pupils were off in DD4 and 120 in DD2.
In echoes of the storm that carved 15m off the coastline and wrecked seven beachside properties in Collaroy in June 2016, massive swells are already eroding beaches in the same area.
In episode 6, "Two Nations of the Stone World," Senku splits up with Taiju and Yuzuriha and goes off in search of recruits for his kingdom of science.
Initially, 2020 started off with some optimism over the outlook for the global economy as the United States and China agreed in December to a truce in their bruising trade war.
Initial reports claimed the spacecraft had plummeted into the ocean off Africa's west coast.
In lieu of his typical fundraising tactics, Aidan came up with the idea to establish a contact-free gift drop off location at the beginning of Salisbury’s biggest Christmas parade.
In October, Mr. Kelly said at a conference that he felt implying that if he had stayed at the White House, he could have fended off the president’s impeachment late last year.
In order to re-establish his full flows, in view of his borderline hemodynamics, a trial to wean off the ECMO was done after 7 days.
In pharmacy segment, the Bank is offering 10% discount on doctor tele-consultation with Apollo Hospital, 40% off on teleconsultation with Practo and 25% discount on 3-6 months Parentlane PRO subscription for pregnancy and baby healthcare segment.
In return, the business elite generously supported the party’s political campaigns and held off criticism of corruption and extra judicial killings among other well-documented human rights atrocities.
In some cases, people were cut off their benefits entirely.
Inspire originally started off as Arby's Restaurant Group, but rebranded with the roast beef sandwich chain purchased Buffalo Wild Wings in 2018.
"In terms of commentary, we're looking to have our commentators call off tube, in a remote location.'
In that spirit, let’s get this out of the way right off the bat: no, nostalgia in and of itself isn’t inherently “bad”.
In the 20 seasons that Bryant played for the NBA, he made many friends on and off the court.
In the aftermath, both sides backed off from intensifying the conflict but the region remains tense.
In the early hours of the morning, while other colleagues were fast asleep, Ozo prepared a hot chocolate beverage, and toasted bread to start off Nengi’s day.
In the first photo, Hilde posed with her backside to the camera as she looked off to the side and tugged at her hair.
In the hands of lesser chefs, these shenanigans would come off as pure gimmickry, and there are times during a meal at the Cube when all the playfulness falls flat.
In the immediate aftermath, the amount of data coming off the phone spiked by 29,156% to 126 megabytes.
In the pic, the 29-year-old model could be seen rocking a revealing white sports bra that allowed her to show off a glimpse of her cleavage, as well as underboob.
In the second dunk off, Jones Jr. got 48 after stepping inside the free-throw line off a windmill superman dunk.
In the second period, fourth-year goalie Carly Jackson kept the Black Bears in the game, making 17 saves and keeping the Terriers off the scoreboard.
In the Victorian town of Mallacoota, where 4,000 people are stranded after fires cut off escape routes, a slow rescue effort by boat will begin this morning.
In the video clip, the couple showed off their best dance moves to the famous pop singer’s tune “Come Around Me.”
In the video, the now-deceased Arbery is seen sitting on the ground, “I get one day off a week … I’m up early in the morning trying to chill,” he told the officers as he sat on the ground.
In this case, many White House staffers were caught off guard -- learning from news reports -- that a senior adviser who works in the West Wing had tested positive, according to sources.
In this espionage training program, a duo of agents face off in a mock scenario across 1960s Europe and the one who uncovers the other’s location first is the winner.
In this game, you’ll fight off hordes of hideous monsters by night, and expand and update your village by the day.
In this July 3, 2020 photo, President Donald Trump, accompanied by first lady Melania Trump, step off Marine One as they arrive at Mount Rushmore National Memorial.
In Wayne County, Ohio, the health department called off upcoming seminars to vaccinate people in Amish communities, where parents are often reluctant to immunize their children.
I promise I’m not trying to come off as a health extremist with the green smoothie and snacking on pecans, but I’m 51 now and I know the choices I make now will affect my quality of life if I see my 80s.
"I remember being so disappointed when there was a PA day or a day off school," says Rifaa Carter.
“I request all of you to switch off all the lights of your house on 5 April at 9 PM for 9 minutes, and just light a candle, ‘diya’, or mobile’s flashlight, to mark our fight against coronavirus,” he said.
Is it a good time to refinance or even pay off the debt entirely?
Israel’s attempts to chop off bits of Iran’s tentacles, such as attacking Palestinian Islamic Jihad leaders in Gaza in 2019 or striking Hezbollah drone teams in Syria, is an approach that Jerusalem has chosen for now.
Israel today more than halved the fishing zone off the coast of the Gaza Strip “until further notice”.
“I stopped and asked her what was wrong and she said that somebody had drove off with her baby.
“I suspect, although I don’t know, that Dominic Raab is just reluctant – he probably does know that it’s time for an exit strategy – but he’s probably reluctant to sign it off without the prime minister and I think there’s a bit of that in the mix.”
It added that the area off oil-rich Nigeria continues to be the world’s most dangerous for ship crews.
Italian Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte tried to ward off alarm from spreading throughout Europe’s fourth-biggest economy after he personally unveiled draconian measures in the middle of the night to contain the spread of the deadly coronavirus.
It also offered shoppers up to 60% off during the sale, with the specials going live from 00:01 on the morning of Black Friday.
It appears, however, that all of that self-work Leakes has been doing with her life coach has paid off because the two were able to resolve the issue and maintain their friendship.
“It can be still smoldering for days and then some winds come and pick it up and then we’re off to the races on a wildfire,” Behrens explained.
It caught a lot of people off guard initially: ‘What do we do about this?
It comes as the Roosters laugh off Brisbane’s bold attempt to claim underdog status for Sunday’s decider.
“It could kill someone, make them run off the road,” she said.
It has also offered an additional 12 weeks of paid emergency leave to its 151,000 employees in case they need to take time off during the crisis.
It has always been a mystery to me to understand why a youngster is better off unemployed at $15 an hour than employed at $7.25 (updated).
Ithembelihle will also be potential title contenders and they will be looking to get off to a good start in the first match on the B field against Loyiso.
"I think recognising things that were going on off the field and the role they ended up playing, you can see he's done a lot of that this year as well.
I think sometimes those things express themselves as they either come off or stay on that list.”
It is currently offering up to 50 per cent off in its season sale.
It is easy to sit on the sidelines and talk about ongoing shutdowns and closed off borders, but it’s in only those who can afford to do so are singing that song.
“It is going on display in Glasgow and other locations before it is shipped off to the buyer so hopefully I might still get a chance to view it in a gallery.
It is joyous news that over time can wipe a cabinet sacking, an incipient recession or a by-election defeat off the front pages.
It is not unreasonable to assume that the end game for many within Bersatu and also Azmin’s faction of the PKR all along was never to hand off the premiership to Anwar.
It is reported Governor of New York Andrew Cuomo said earlier that sealing off the states would be “Federal declaration of war’.
“It just kicks you off — no explanation, no nothing,” she said.
It matches the number exactly that Trump wrote off as "consulting," which he wrote off of his taxes.
“I told LeBron at half I’ve got to take some of the pressure off of him,” Davis said.
I took it off in the middle of the night because my fingers were swelling from the heat and humidity of the summer night.
Its anti-coronavirus actions have broadly remained within liberal parameters and not set off too much constitutional debate about civil liberties during an epidemic.
It’s as if an entire community is riding off the success or failure of the high school districts and the people who run it.
It’s a spring snow, which means it’ll likely melt once it hits the warm roads and, aside from blowing the petals off the tulips, should be pretty mild, as storms go.
'It's heartbreaking when those on prepayment meters make the decision to 'self-disconnect' where they let their energy shut off because they are afraid of the costs, especially at a time of year where we are starting to need our heating.
“It’s right off the highway as you’re entering.
It’s time to shake off the holiday lethargy and set your 2020 New Year’s resolutions: to watch more foreign films.
It's way past time to cut off the water supply to the desert golf courses and evacuate Phoenix and Vegas.
“It was a rain-soaked night in North Carolina as the game kicked off after a one-hour delay due to lightning.
It was a stunning move that capped off nearly two years of tumult for the embattled couple, who have faced a slew of public relations nightmares and increasingly fraught relations with the press.
It was cited in the crash that killed John F. Kennedy Jr., his wife and her sister as he piloted a plane at night over water off Martha’s Vineyard in 1999.
It was his latest European engagement to be called off since an American opera union’s investigation found last week that Mr. Domingo had engaged in “inappropriate activity” with women.
It was led by William Rogers, a government bureaucrat for decades, along with numerous other people with a vested interest in protecting NASA, the massive defense corporations sucking off the government teat, and the crooked politicians supporting NASA.
“It was named as one of the top 10 biodiverse sites in the Salish Sea off the coast of British Columbia, one of our most threatened ecosystems,” BC Parks Foundation CEO Andy Day told CNN.
It was new ball partner Claudia Green who had the field day, however, ripping out the next four of the Hearts’ top five for a career-best haul of 4-21 off just eight overs.
It was strange that there was a lot of hype online and from the broadcast team about this being the first time Jericho and Daniels faced off in the ring, yet most of their work together occurred during a picture-in-picture commercial break.
It was the worst aviation disaster in US history, and it was swept off of the front pages the next day because the Korean War broke out.
It will be a memorable day for the Watt family today when the Houston Texans and Pittsburgh Steelers kick off in Steel City (1 p-m Eastern).
It would be great to get off the mark early with a win.
It would have been hard for the to not improve off of their three-point outing against Baltimore, but they answered the bell against a No. 1 Indianapolis defense.
I’ve also often asked myself the questions in the last decade: how to get off the train that doesn’t lead me anywhere?
I’ve had this whole year to learn, I’ve had time off to adjust and prepare myself, and now just go out there and play the game I’ve always played and do what I can for the team,” Conley said.
I’ve lived in the red-light district since 1979 and started off in a small canal house.
I've put off buying a Switch controller because I don't want to spend $60.
I was just a boy at the time and do not remember my mother taking one day off work.
I was pleased to see Gary Naylor’s email about OT in 1981 as I thought as Botham walked off that the light looked terrible (see how bright the lights on the scoreboard were).
I will say though that his apology letter came off as very authentic and self aware.
“I won’t be sending my children off no matter what,” said Sandra Andersen, founder of the Danish “My kid is not going to be a Guinea Pig” Facebook group, which has more than 40,000 followers.
I won’t lie, halfway through of the video I did flip over to see what AEW was up to and got to see Orange Cassidy dive off of the stage to take out the Lucha Bros, so that was cool.
I would never turn my cellphone off at night, but I’ve reached a point where I just mute it so that I’m not interrupted by those that I don’t want to be disturbed by when I need to sleep.
"I would say after she turned it off she went into shock."
Jadhav rushed outside but before he could reach the vehicle, the suspect drove off at high speed, so did another car — suspected to be driven by his accomplice.
Jason Petersburg will once again address the board on the proposed business subdivision located off I-35 and Highway 105. The board may address future construction considerations along with any other measures to move the project forward.
Jihoon Lee’s wife kicked off her boyfriend’s celebration with a relaxing time at a hotel.
Jimmy is on and off the pitch taking tablets for something, but he's not fit to bowl just yet.
John John reveals that the cops did ask for the usual license and registration, but was thrown off when they asked the Wild ‘N Out star how much he paid for the car.
Junior wing Ethen Frank started the Broncos’ rally late in the first by scoring off a faceoff to pull the Broncos back within one.
Just as they did one year ago, activists are now urging elected officials to turn off the streetlights and first create rules and meaningful forms of oversight before resuming the conversation.
Just a week later, while dropping off bicycles, Mr Grant had a doughnut thrown at the back of his head by two white youths who told him 'shut up you black c**t'.
Just back off from the news.
Just pop off your old deadbolt and affix the Kevo Convert in its place, and voila!
KANSAS CITY, Mo. (AP) — Brad Keller threw six scoreless innings, Adalberto Mondesi had three hits and an RBI as Kansas City held off Detroit.
Kenneth Salisbury, 33, of Skowhegan was struck by a black vehicle and knocked off his bicycle Friday morning.
Kenyan men face minnows Eritrea in their opening match of the Fiba Afro Basketball pre-qualifiers which tip off in Nairobi Tuesday.
Kevin Hayes’ magnetism to the puck and production off the rush highlight Sunday’s goalsFilm breakdown of the goals from the Flyers’ win over Boston on Sunday.
Kids and even adults can write letters to Santa and drop them off at the end of the route.
Kitty Pryde also likes to show off her stuff.
Knock off a designer shoe and STFU.
Koenig was already awake to go work out when his pager went off shortly after 4:30 a.m. When he heard it was a fire downtown, he knew it was going to be big.
Laird made his senior debut in the Europa League last year, starting away at Astana and coming off the bench at home to AZ Alkmaar.
Last season's runners up also got off to a good start in the Premier League, beating Wolves 3-1 away in their opening game of the season.
Last week, five Lahaina for blocking heavy equipment from continuing to trench at a separate location off of Hōkiokio Place.
Lee’s father believes the man, also a pathologist, got off lightly.
LeMahieu hit his second homer of the night, again off Richards, with one out in the third to make it 2-0.
Lewandowski changed all that in added time when Leverkusen defender Tah lost the ball with a poor first touch, leaving space for Lewandowski to hit a shot which deflected off Edmond Tapsoba and over the diving Hradecky.
Lewandowski finished off well-worked team moves either side of halftime to add Bayern's third and fourth goals.
Lewis observed that, on the eve of the Department of Labour scheduled meeting with the Russian management on Thursday, the company issued notice that 146 workers will be laid off with immediate effect.
Like Musgrove, Rich Rod is coming off a very strong season.
Like the Braithwaites, the Grays made a massive profit off their slavery practice.
Like, the governor of TX can't even -- they can sign off on a limited list of potential pardons supplied to them by a mostly legislature-appointed panel that he has no influence over.
Lily Collins Engaged to Director Charlie McDowellThe 'Mirror Mirror' actress is officially off the market as she is set to walk down the aisle after her boyfriend popped the big question during an outdoor.
"Listen, until the last vote is counted we have to work our tails off and win this election," said Ed Smith, president of Ullico.
Little will you know when you land in a muddy puddle or your long hair gets chopped off into a bob.
“Liverpool have crunched the numbers and they estimate there is a crossing point where they will be better off with Nike because Nike have got a much larger distribution network.
Local officials have sealed off 10 towns where cases have been reported.
Located on Australia’s far southwestern point, Margaret River is an established producer of Cabernet Sauvignon, Shiraz and Chardonnay, so this blend is definitely a step off the well-beaten path anyway you look at it.
LONDON — The Bank of England held off providing more monetary stimulus on Thursday as Britain reopens after the pandemic lockdowns, but it warned it would take time for the economy to heal and unemployment would keep rising this year.
Look, with everything going on right now, there’s a good chance you might have missed some of the cool products offered up over the past few days, all at healthy savings off their original price.
LOS ANGELES -- Ad buyers want the world of TV to throw off its analog past and begin offering planning, buying and measurement tools more akin to those they have become accustomed to in digital.
Luke Kennard also provided L.A. with some bounce off the bench, scoring 13 points on 4-for-7 shooting, including making 3 for 4 from beyond the arc.
Lynch’s “Gentleman Bastards” series kicked off in 2006 with the audacious The Lies of Locke Lamora.
MacDonald then set up Philpot in the 57th minute but his low drive came back off the inside of the upright before MacDonald himself was denied by a combination of good goalkeeping and fine defending.
Magna and Connie stayed back to try to help her and end up fighting off walkers.
Maher started off by asking that given the serious state of the economy right now, “How can we avoid a depression and how can the Democrats possibly lose this election?”
Maine State Ballet kicks off its 44th season with a gift to the Maine community.
Major check off the bucket list!
Many are sounding off of both sides for and against the Kake access project, which could see construction starting this summer.
Many companies laid off employees in the first week of lockdown; some sent their employees on indefinite leave without any benefit, others-imposed salary cuts.
Many students are signing a lease for the first time when they live off campus senior year, and it is difficult to navigate the rental process without information about when and where to start looking for properties.
Marcos Alonso plays a low ball in to the near post and it looks like Antonio Rudiger has steered it past De Gea but it's actually come off Maguire.
Margaret Brown, the California Public Employees’ Retirement System (CalPERS) board member known for her questioning of investment decisions, has been knocked off a reconstituted board investment committee.
Marmolejos hit his first big league homer, a three-run shot in the first inning, after J.P. Crawford led off the game with a single and Kyle Seager drew a two-out walk.
Matthews and Campbelle pick her off for a few singles before Campbelle unwisely gets stuck in front of her stumps.
Matthew Stafford showed off his toughness and grit by starting despite a rib injury that had the Detroit quarterback convinced he wouldn’t play early this week.
Maui Mayor Michael Victorino is asking for around-the-clock county access to the Wailuku sewage pump station located off of Kahului Beach Road, citing serious public safety and environmental concerns.
May 2020’s new government has put off discussions on a permanent replacement that would certainly be highly divisive.
Maybe hold off on going to the gym for a bit?
Maybe part of it's just getting older, but not caring so damn much what people think and it's OK when, if you believe in what you're standing for, you just have to shake off the troll-type people.
MDTA kicked off their switch to cashless tolling, making it easier for drivers to keep it moving.
Meanwhile, Japan's Spring Grand Sumo Tournament kicked off on Sunday in Osaka at Edion Arena with no spectators as part of Japan's extraordinary efforts to halt the spread of the virus.
Meanwhile the navy deployed two rescue boats to search for the missing fishermen in rough waters off Binh Dinh province, according to state-run VTV network.
Meanwhile, two more crew off a bulk carrier docked in Fremantle have been transferred to hotel quarantine after they experienced coronavirus symptoms.
Mecum will be auctioning this truck off next month as part of a grouping of antique trucks, but it’s hard to think that any will have more relevance or significance than this one: Ford’s first-ever heavy-duty truck.
Meili kicked off the final week of the provincial election campaign at a stop in Regina, where he rode in on a bus that once belonged to the Saskatchewan Transportation Company.
Meow-ve off my deck!
Meram took his defender one-on-one before laying off to the trailing Rossi, who had a point-blank look at goal.
Microsoft's spring 2020 update nearly polishes off the Your Phone app and boosts Linux, also signaling a release to a new UI in the process.
Migrants wait to board a coastguard ship that will take them to the GNV Rhapsody ferry moored off Lampedusa island, Italy, Saturday 5 September 2020.
Mike Pence still smiles through an interview with RealClearPolitics in his 757 cabin, doing his best not to go off script in possibly the least-scripted era of American politics.
“Mild weather comes off the Pacific Ocean, that’s what’s happening here for the next several days, at least until the end of the weekend.
Minister Alison Davies, 53, was left in tears after she and the mourners were told off for praying at the funeral of a 94-year-old woman.
“Mirror in the Bathroom” was the original hit off this record, but “Can’t Get Used to Losing You” would be the true gem released as a single three years later.
Missick and Democrat Samra Brouk face off in the 55th District, which is currently represented by state Sen. Rich Funke, R-Perinton, who is not seeking reelection.
Missouri held off a late charge from No. 6 Illinois and overcame 36 points from Dosunmu for an 81-78 victory Saturday night.
Moments later Martial stepped inside from the left and curled in a peach which went in off the crossbar.
MONTREAL -- Forward Ilya Kovalchuk will make his debut with the Montreal Canadiens Monday night at the Bell Centre in Montreal when the team squares off against the Winnipeg Jets.
More broadly, though, the school closures hit me hard because many of my caregivers have young children and they needed to take off time off work to care for them.
More missiles were launched, landing near Keelung, again, and off the coast of Taiwan’s second city Kaohsiung in the south.
Moreover, the heavy construction industry is less likely to pull workers off the sidelines in response to a short burst of federal money.
Ms Eren said the pair then lived together on and off for the following three years before Shire Ali moved in with her and their young son in their Meadow Heights home in the months before the attack.
Ms Gracie said Reid, whose address was given in court documents as Waulkmill Crescent in Aberdeen, had not coped well with the end of the relationship and had “gone off the rails”.
Ms Hill said: “It turned out I had not brought enough staff back off furlough, so we brought another bakery worker in on the Friday and two shop staff as well.
Music director Donato Cabrera is working with the assembled string players, and I have taken off my hard-heeled boots, because they are clunking through the nuanced Vivaldi pieces as I take pics on my phone.
My anger response would have been off the chart.
“My brother really had to talk me off the ledge,” Clune said.
My house has not fallen down, my pension has not crashed in value, nor do I have the urge to get off with my yoga teacher.
My playlist starts off slow for my stretches and speeds up for weights and cardio: Mary J Blige, Christina Milian… I’ll sing them all to you now.
My sentimental pick is Wyatt, just to get the belt off Strowman.
Nancy Pelosi, via CNN Pelosi's comments come after Trump said he was using hydroxychloroquine to help ward off COVID-19.
Natasha McCagg says her family's front-yard 'passion project' started off as a pile of snow after their driveway was cleared.
National Director of the NDP Anne McGrath and former Liberal strategist David Herle talk about the prospect of a partnership between the two parties in an attempt to head off a federal election as the COVID-19 pandemic continues.
Naturally the Writer's is fully aware they're living inside and in true comedic fashion they're killed off immediately.
NCDU 23 also began placing explosives on the beach obstacles when a shot detonated charges still on their rubber boat, setting off an explosive chain reaction.
Nearby streets were cordoned off during the hunt for the suspects, and police advised people to avoid the area.
Neither carrier has so far shaved $200 off as Microsoft did.
Netanyahu’s main political rival, Blue and White party chief Benny Gantz, also took off for Washington on Sunday for a separate meeting with the US president.
Nevertheless, companies willing to shake off COVID-19’s initial shock and embrace digital transformation might emerge winners beyond their wildest expectations.
New infections in China have levelled off dramatically, however, and most of those infected, in China and globally, have already recovered.
Nicholas Bogan, of Eatontown, had been a part-time worker at Maurizio’s Pizzeria & Italian Ristorante for just over a week in September 2019 when he asked to be off for the first night of the Jewish New Year, according to his lawsuit.
Niger State government yesterday flagged off the distribution of CACOVID items donated to 47,611 beneficiaries in the 274 wards to cushion the effects of coronavirus.
No. 10 Texas A&M was sluggish much of the night, but did just enough to knock off Vanderbilt, 17-12 at Kyle Field in College Station, Texas, on Saturday night.
Non-essential gift items are not the only things flying off the shelves as announced a 280 percent rise in -prepped Christmas dinners and 180 percent rise in that have been ordered.
Nope — there is no more wall and we are falling off the cliff.
Not all of the shows and movies on Netflix are available for download, and that’s because the networks that own them have requested they be left off the list.
“Now, I’m just…I have so much more energy, I feel healthier off of dialysis,” she said.
Now post Diwali, other A-list actors are also kicking off their new projects.
Now the teams are set to square off again in the fifth playoff installment of Avs v. Stars: The Battle of Division Foes.
NSW had six teenagers in their XI and were missing international stars Alyssa Healy, Rachael Haynes and Ash Gardner to national duty, having lost Ellyse Perry to Victoria in the off season.
Officers closed off High Street as a result of the emergency just before 6pm.
Officers identified the package as a potential threat and cordoned off the area.
Officers responded around 6:30 p.m. to a neighborhood on Westwinds Court, off of Mt. Holly-Huntersville Road, after an Assault with Deadly Weapon call for service.
“Oh man, that’s probably off the table,” Brady, 43, confessed of the idea of pre-game sex with wife Gisele Bündchen on Dax Shepard’s “Armchair Expert” podcast on Thursday.
"On and off the court the chemistry is good which is very important.
On April 3, 1933 USS was on a mission to calibrate its radio equipment off the coast of New Jersey when it.
Once Brue’s career started taking off he got to go on some pretty incredible tours, opening for the likes of Earle and Rodriguez… which was an amazing opportunity but also meant that Brue missed a lot of school.
Once Nissenkorn signs off on the extradition, Israel will have 60 days to place Leifer on a plane to Australia.
One, called Ryan Dirteater (surely the perfect rodeo name and apparently not a pseudonym), gets flung off in four seconds flat by a particularly lively bull with the name Nervous Twitch.
One crowd faced off with police on horseback as the chant 'freedom' rang out across the city while 15 people were arrested and more than 150 fines given out.
One dog, detached from itself, stares off into the distance behind us while the other looks right at the viewer.
One man I know broke off an engagement with a woman six months into it because he began to realize he was gay.
One man woke up when the drug wore off during an attack.
One of these things is its ability to land and take off vertically before speeding off into the distance.
One story that stood out involves a woman who had her face put through a glass window, which tore off a part of her nose.
“One suspect grabbed the TV and set off out the door while the second intruder was involved in a wrestling match with the elderly homeowner,” Mathios stated.
One worker said: “I got a call on Sunday night to say I would have to find a different way into work at the starter’s box because the road was cut off into the park.
On Friday, the group, swimming in pods of four or five swimmers of mixed ages and abilities, set off into Loch Linnhe from Caol beach, to swim the 10 miles across to Camus na Gaul, then south west down the west side of Loch Linnhe.
On loan Bristol City attacker Marley Watkins also limped off in the semi-final with a hamstring injury.
"Only a strong body can fight off the virus.
On Rosh Hashanah we start off the year with a table full of signs, and throughout all the Jewish holidays each one is full of the signs and messages of that particular time.
On the couch with so little activity that your tv threatens to turn itself off a few hours in?
On the Lucha Central Weekly podcast, their crew mentioned rumblings that AAA will try to hold shows in healthy states as soon as is permissible, while CMLL will most likely hold off until September.
ON THIS DATE IN 2001: Hurricane Erin was off the coast of New Jersey and New York.
On Tuesday, Zach Ahrenstorff made sure WHS got off to a good start.
OPEN THREAD: Bengals vs. Titans first halfTwo old AFC Central rivals face off in the Queen City.
"Oregonians who do not live off the public dole (like the individually named defendants) were suddenly forced to worry about how they would support themselves and their loved ones."
Otherwise your annual report and Justice Survey are way off the mark.'
Our precinct organization reported based on a procedure that they were trained to do, and based off that it was a phenomenal night for us.”
Our wheels came off today,” Nelson said.
“Overall, I am so excited to show off our hard work, especially the senior company, because we’ve been practicing our dances and steps nonstop since we started, and we are so excited to showcase them,” 17-year-old Bevensee said.
Overwhelmed by domestic pressures to impose ineffective price controls and placate his blue-collar supporters, Nixon took his eye off the larger picture.
Page, who owns a digital marketing company, Inseev Interactive, has added back five of the 12 employees he laid off when the coronavirus hit.
Paramedics have had to rush to some homes in Winnipeg to make up for staff who are off sick or self-isolating.
Parents should learn to “back off a little bit” on less important matters, Clark added.
Past reliable GOP voters, especially white college-educated women, are dropping from the party, with many turned off by President Donald Trump’s divisive rhetoric and governing decisions.
Paulina wore a sexy silver fishnet overlay with small beading hanging off of it to dress up her swimsuit look, as she waded through the turquoise water.
Pay off your credit card every month.
Pennsylvania is considered crucial for Mr Trump if he is to stave off defeat.
People from as far away as Berlin and Rwanda dusted off their tefillin, lit Shabbat candles or recited Psalms on Dukes’ behalf.
People purchase fireworks on Thursday, July 2, 2020, in Dublin, Calif. For many Americans, the Fourth of July won't be about big festivities but setting off fireworks themselves.
“People seeking asylum are forced into a constant state of financial precarity, whereby they often have to trade off one basic living need for another,” the reported noted, explaining how they survive on a day-to-day basis.
Perkins tossed Raju off the top rope using his core strength.
Pitt’s Class of 2024 participated in a virtual Welcome Week from Aug. 16-18 to kick off an unconventional semester.
Pitt went on to finish 6-5 and picked up a new head coach in the off season, former Toledo assistant Brian Wright.
Playing off that, according to Cleveland.
Plus $50 off mattress toppers and 20% off all pillows.
Pointing fans and followers in the direction of her Fitness highlight reel on her Instagram account, Halle showed off a slew of effective, equipment free workouts fans could do in the comfort and safety of their home.
Police allege the group were camping on Brisk Island, off the coast of Townsville, on Saturday.
Police block off an alleyway near Eastern Avenue and Queen Street East.
Police officers could be seen maneuvering white fencing into place to seal off a road leading to a cluster of apartment buildings.
Police say the 48-year-old woman was with a friend, leaving a laundromat and showing off her new skateboard.
Police were called to 756 Allerton Ave. in the Bronx around 4:30 a.m. after the perp set off an alarm system for one of the jewelry stores located inside the building, police said.
Pregame at 3:30, kick off at 4 pm.
Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk and LNP Leader Deb Frecklington have faced off in the second and final debate of the campaign.
President Donald Trump walks off of Marine One and heads over to talk with reporters before departing from Morristown Municipal Airport in Morristown, N.J., Sunday, Aug. 9, 2020.
“President Muhammadu Buhari may have seen what other people may have not see in Governor Ayade that has made him visit Cross River many times to flag off and Commission projects.
Previously when Fozzy has been on tour during his WWE career, Jericho has stopped working and taken time off from wrestling.
Prime Day 2020 will kick off on October 13 and run through October 14 — a little more than month before the arrive.
Prime Day previously helped kick off the back-to-school shopping season in late July.
Prinker Korea shows off their temporary tattoo printer and app at the CES Unveiled media preview event in Las Vegas.
Prof David Lomas, vice-provost for health at UCL, added: “This breakthrough has the potential to save many lives and allow our frontline NHS staff to keep patients off ventilators.
Promising local filly was brilliant from well off the speed in the heavy at Dubbo making it two straight, and she's the one to beat despite a 3kg rise in weight.
Provo had 12 and Moore had nine off the bench in just 11 minutes of play.
Put it this way: the South African government has effectively decided, without consultation, to wean its population off alcohol (and nicotine) cold turkey, a decision that could end up killing more people than the virus it hopes to mitigate.
Putting the fix in strategy didn’t pay off very well four years ago.
Queensland billionaire Clive Palmer is also planning a legal challenge over border closures, but he wants to face off with Western Australia after he was refused entry to the state.
Quins' Middle-order batsman, Mohamed Patel, shows superlative technique by releasing his lower hand off the bat to avoid a quick-rising delivery from a Newlands bowler during a 50 over a side promotion league match at Newlands Oval.
RAG committee members Anje du Pisani, Paola Catinella, Gail Diers, Marina Constas, Carol Payne and Mark Morris show off one of the stunning Kloof Road gardens.
Rainbow Resource Center kicks off virtual Pride Week, signaling commitment to UMaine…
Recalling the events on the day of the protest, she alleged that the superintendent had ordered a lathi charge after turning the lights off in the jail.
Reclamation of land will provide an increased marshalling area, car park, drop off area, bus terminal and external storage.
Reels lets you express yourself and entertain people, whether you’re showing off a new skill or making a funny video the world deserves to see.
Regardless of the game in question, bows are usually a great option for those seeking to pick off enemies from a distance or land quick shots on charging foes.
Remember they did the dives off the stage?
Remnants of the rocket that survived reentry was about the “size of a large van or a small bus,” according to the U.S. military, which was monitoring the trajectory of the falling object just off the west coast of Africa.
Research shows that remittances stave off poverty, allow better nutrition, and pay education costs.
Restrictions to slow the spread of the pandemic that were put in place in March have put a freeze on economic activity, with business revenues dropping sharply, and millions of workers either laid off or working fewer hours.
Retailers such as Nordstrom and Macy's, for example, have a "Shop Now" option on their Facebook pages but it takes users to the businesses' websites and off the social network.
Reynolds said current weather models can be off by hundreds of kilometers even for short forecasts of just a few days.
Right off the bat, I had questions about the efficacy of having government-mandated medical procedures performed by people whose educational background led them to be bartenders and waiters.
RioZim was spun off from Rio Tinto Plc in 2004.
Robert Sheffield, Samatha Cameron's brother in law, posed in a silver metallic dress and captain's hat on a red carpet as he declared 'Trixie knows how to shake off the corona blues'
Robinson’s last year of high school was cut short in March, but he said the extra time off gave him time to prepare for college, hone his skills as a musician and learn more leadership skills at work.
ROME — Italy added another 270 confirmed coronavirus cases to its official count, including a cluster of two dozen more cases at a Rome hospital that has been sealed off to contain the spread.
Rosy Rosenthal (Hugh Stubbins) kicked off the show by standing on the bar and declaring a very un-Gatsby set of rules, chief among them that attendees must never leave their seats unless a cast member invited them to.
Rumours about servers being switched off spark panic among playersâ€¦ https://t.
Saint stanislaus hosting- saint - martin in this all saints day - affair to kick off each team's- 20-20 - campaign.
Save $500 off of the robust and powerful gaming laptop, which packs a portable punch for PC gaming anywhere you please.
Save up to 75% off on a wide range of Apple iPhones at ATT.
Schmitz, the 2019 Class B senior volleyball athlete of the year, out of Oakes North Dakota had her season-high with eight kills off of 15 total attack attempts.
Schumer added that the “damage to Americans’ faith in these institutions could be lasting, so before we go any further, we should shut off the cameras, close the Senate and talk face-to-face about what this might mean for the country.”
Sea condition would become very rough to high waves over east-central and south-east Arabian Sea and along and off the coast on Tuesday.
Sen. Bernie Sanders in particular heads into the New Hampshire debate as a solid front-runner, fresh off a strong but delayed Iowa-finish, raised in January alone, and a sizable lead in the Granite State polls.
Senior swimming coach Michael Bohl, who looked after Horton at the World Championships, said Horton was so used to tuning out of drama that his gaze wouldn't have shifted off his one and only goal this year, which is defending his Olympic crown.
Senior wide receiver Ryder MacGillivray capped off his team’s 33-yard drive with a 5-yard catch for Provo’s second touchdown in less than five minutes.
Serpentine was sent off a 25/1 shot and initially set a steady pace on the front end before upping the tempo from halfway and being allowed to gallop into a clear lead.
Shane Watson is out for 1 off 6 balls.
She added a few accessories to finish off the look, including some hoop earrings and a pendant necklace.
Sheehan comes off the bench along with Dundee-Crown senior Gianine Boado, Lyons senior Lindsey Hahn and Providence senior Ashley Raymer.
She further accessorized with a chic French manicure, running her fingers over her thigh as the photos were being taken to show off her long nails and shiny bling.
She just needs to take off and get out of there.
She said her family has had to use credit cards to pay off some bills, a situation that can’t be sustained indefinitely.
… She’s off her trolley, my Mum, daft, barmy, bonkers, thick as two short planks.”
She’s off work from her job with Value Village and depends on friends to help her get around her Barrhaven townhouse.
She stays well and her rider takes off a handy 3lb.
She topped her look off with a pair of bedazzled Amina Muaddi Crystal Embellished Mules and Ellie Vail Gage Oversized Link Earrings, but the best part of her look was without a doubt her hair.
She walked off and joked that he should make applesauce with them, but you could tell that he was internally becoming angrier by the second.
She was a homemaker and worked part-time, on and off over a span of 33 years, at the Wal-Mart store in Berryville, Arkansas.
She went to bed with the hope that she’d be better off in the morning, but the pain didn’t subside and by the time she woke up, it felt as if it had moved to her lower right side.
She will also show off impressions of the likes of Gemma Collins, Keith Lemon and Holly Willoughby.
Shoppers who check off the Al Seef Experience list can win a Staycation at the Canopy by Hilton Al Seef.
Shouldn’t you be even more rested after some time off work?
Shows like — they'll kill off a regular and think nothing of it.
Small mounds of debris left uncleared near the newly-built rainwater discharge pits on Raghavan Street off Paper Mills Road in Perambur are putting road users at risk for accidents.
Social media users suggested that Jade had taken the spotlight off the bride.
So few players let their hands go in the NRL these days that it almost had a sense of novelty value, with Haas firing off first before Fa'asuamaleaui responded over a pack of players who were doing their best to separate the angry duo.
Sohail Akhtar was the other big hitter who scored 68 off 46 balls.
So I don’t feel like it’s a song of despair so much as a song of incomplete hope that leaves off at a point where I’ll have to pick up in my writing now.
"So if a cruise ship somehow had somehow planned to come here, then we would not be allowing people to come off the cruise ship for example."
"So I'm looking forward to getting some staff back and maybe taking my foot off the pedal."
So I think we’ve really done a good job of switching gears and focusing on things that we can do off the field.
So it's time for bed, off you go and I look forward to seeing you again for another bedtime story."
Some artists were turned off by that.
Some of course will shrug off such failures and continue as if nothing has happened if by the end of 2021 a vaccine becomes widely available and tourists return.
Some of them, unlicensed, uninsured and even sometimes unregistered should be taken off the roads.
Someone stole the wheels off that Corvette, or that someone paid $3 mill to own the first 2020 off the line?
Some startups are even laying off the robots.
Sometimes even more when I do it off the meter.
Sometimes you are better off other times you are down.
So she advised fans to make sure they are cooled off in their cars’ air conditioning before getting their temperature checked to attend games just because of the heat.
So they spend a platonic week off and on, neither of them talking about what happened.
South Portland, which finished 10-5-1 in 2019, losing, 2-1, to Portland in the Class A South quarterfinals, started off with a 2-1 home loss to Deering Tuesday.
So, water them into their new soil two or three times to settle it around the roots and then back off your watering frequency to normal irrigation cycles.
“So what could we do to pull people back, just pinning their ears back and rolling off the football and causing our young kicker some distractions?”
“Speaking for everyone on the offense, we fed off of him …,” Henry said of Tannehill on the podcast.
Specifically, the connection between flavours and plants, inasmuch as the former does tend to start off as the latter.
SPRINGFIELD, Mo. — Max McGreevy shot an 8-under 64 to hold off Jose de Jesus Rodríguez by a stroke in the Price Cutter Charity Championship for his first Korn Ferry Tour victory.
Spurs make another change, as Hojbjerg comes off for Harvey White.
Starting in the League for the first time since December 22 (presumably with Grealish in mind), Dier was badly off the pace as part of the midfield three.
Starting November 13 through November 30, Raymour & Flanigan will be offering 15% off purchases up to $2500, 20% off purchases over $2500 and 50% off all floor samples.
Starting with the next line — "… by the dawn's early light" joined in, their voices branching off to create three-part harmonies.
Stevens also promised to soon share more details of the bar scene inside the first from-the-ground-up resort built in Las Vegas since the Lucky Dragon opened its doors on Sahara Avenue just off the Strip in 2016, closed, and reopened as the Ahern Hotel.
Steven went off this morning with an epic rant highlighting the tyranny of government in the United States.
Still, this tablet does what it’s supposed to do well enough and for just $70 on Best Buy ($30 off its normal retail price of $100), it’s practically a steal.
Still, when she was asked to take over the artistic direction of a long-running Ottawa music festival during a worldwide pandemic, she was caught off guard.
Still, while voting is important and can bring change, the game of politics rarely pays off for Latinos.
Stock markets sold off around the world on fears of the coronavirus.
Store owners have also had disagreements with the mall management over rent payment, with owners demanding their rent for the lockdown months be waived off and management seeking 50 per cent rent for the lockdown period from the owners.
Stowe Elementary second grader William Nelson (second from right) dances as he shows off his hot dog costume Tuesday, Oct. 27, before the school's costume parade.
ST. PAUL — Mayo Clinic doctors dressed in scrubs and showing off their musical talent have entranced Internet users this week with an “Imagine” rendition offered to an exhausted and frightened nation.
Strapping on your Vive you're suddenly in the cockpit of a spaceship and blasting off into space.
Students who play wind instruments can take off their masks while playing.
Sudip Chatterjee (40) and Majumdar, who was caught off a More no-ball, were at the crease at stumps.
Sunday's game at the Etihad was called off due to the effects of Storm Ciara, which caused high winds and heavy rain in the North West.
Sunray, which filed for bankruptcy in 2011 and has racked up numerous violations for unpaid fees and inadequate pollution monitoring, saw its production fall off a cliff in the late 1980s.
Sussex Inlet man David Warner was among a group of locals who had travelled to Nowra by bus before the Princes Highway was blocked off on Tuesday.
Take care of the bare necessities and put off anything that doesn’t inspire until tomorrow.
Taking one life to live off the air was horrible.
Tanner and Jacob Groves, along with Casson Rouse, are now usually the first guys off the bench for EWU.
TAYLOR: (Singing) You know that it's as easy as rolling off a log.
Tens of villages in West and East Godavari districts of Andhra Pradesh continue to remain marooned while some were cut off from the outside world though the flood flow in the Godavari river started dwindling on Tuesday.
Terraxia dealt with Iron Man by ripping his armored head off of his body, though his death and the others would be later undone with a snap.
Texas led by two in the seventh when and Justin Garneau hit consecutive singles with no outs to chase took over and retired the next two batters before Brantley hit his homer off the foul pole in right field on a full count.
That could set off any number of legal and political dramas in which the presidency could be determined by some combination of the courts, state politicians and Congress.
That could throw off Wyatt and Flo’s plans in a big way!
That doesn't get her off the hook.
“That is something that we have kept walled off for obvious reasons,” Ms. Grisham said Monday on Fox News.
That is, until July of this year, when a 14-year-old boy, Luciano Leal Garza, was snatched off the streets — the most public kidnap-for-ransom case since Mrs. Rodríguez’s crusade to find her daughter.
That plays into Michael’s own quandaries, too: having closed parts of herself off to survive alongside Book in this past year, she is no longer utilizing the same playbook as Saru and her friends.
That's 40% off the regular price of $199.
That's $50 off the regular price -- a bit higher than during Black Friday, but a solid buy all the same.
That seemed to have paid off as Liverpool took the lead in the 71st minute as Naby Keita's incisive cross from the left of the box was diverted in off the cross bar by Sadio Mane.
That's when I realized that the '90s, (when this book takes place) is when Charleston began to sell off so much of its legacy that made it what it is to where it began to overdevelop and overbuild.
That took them off the stage so the remaining guys could surround Seth.
That was a binding vote, so other possibilities are now off the table.
That weekend in Hamburg pulling off a tricky job and celebrating in one of the nation’s famed Christmas markets remains one of the highlights of my life.
The 18-year-old had booked onto the trip just four days before his eight pals were due to jet off to the raucous resort.
The 23-year-old took to her Instagram stories on Friday to show off the contortions she goes through to get just the right shot at the beach.
The 36-year-old Howard, who spends time at his home on Green Lake in Dedham with wife Rachel Miller and their four children, is coming off his worst season as a pro.
The actress reveals she thought it was strange when the director took 10 days off during filming to fix a "thyroid issue" but said nothing at the time because she thought that might be the norm for a big-name moviemaker.
The aircraft conducted a captive-carry flight test of the AGM-183A Air-launched Rapid Response Weapon Instrumented Measurement Vehicle 2 hypersonic prototype at the Point Mugu Sea Range off the Southern California coast.
The Alder Hotel’s off-campus housing option offered residents both double and single rooms at similar rates to on-campus housing at Loyola, according to an email sent out to students starting off the semester.
The Alert article said farmers were paying off their entire debt with the proceeds of their first crop with enough money left over to expand the farm operation.
The Amazon Echo got off to a flying start, establishing itself as one of the hottest smart home devices, assisted by the smaller Echo Dot, a capable sidekick that brings its connected skills to existing speakers you might have.
The American Cancer Society has kicked off its annual Daffodil Days.
The analysis does not suggest the presence of semen on her clothing, which is consistent with Carroll’s account of fighting Trump off and fleeing moments into the attack.
The Apotheka chain transferred all of its pharmacies to its existing pharmacists; there was no need to lay anyone off in the process.
The area has now been cordoned off by security forces as they conduct an operation to nab the terrorists.
The battle pass blocks off players from being able to complete challenges too fast by only releasing new ones every week.
The beginning of the second started off with both teams exchanging buckets.
The biggest spot occurred when Bennett held Vincent hanging off the apron so Taven could crash down to the floor with a flying splash.
The Boulder pharmaceutical company surged 95 percent in early trading Friday from 77 cents per share to $1.43 before leveling off to $1.08 per share as of 11:30 a.m. Mountain Time.
The Broncos were without their second leading scorer, senior guard Ian Shaffer, but Miller did a fine job off filling in as a starting guard while Shaffer recovered from illness.
“The Bureau of Criminal Investigation out of SP Amity is investigating a found body off the shore of the Genesee River by Jack Bridge Road in the town of Willing.
The bystander allegedly raised suspicions about the Jihadi bomber with security staff as he loitered outside the venue before setting off his bomb.
The Cardinals out-rebounded the Eagles 43-29, scoring many of their points off second- and even third-chance opportunities.
The Cats got on the scoreboard first with an RBI single from sophomore catcher Michael Trautwein, but the Gamecocks responded by scoring eight runs in the first two innings off junior pitcher Quinn Lavelle.
The C.E.O. hasn’t set a retirement date — and has repeatedly brushed off such discussions — and hasn’t formally named his heir apparent.
The City of Fredericton is warning it may shut off water to people who haven't paid their water bills.
The city’s been awash with sentiments in support of the black community, touched off by a wave of protests over the police killing of George Floyd in Minneapolis, but artists have been speaking out about the black experience through their music forever.
The Colts, who will be without star defensive tackle DeForest Buckner who is on the Covid-19 reserve list, face another stiff test this week from the Titans (7-3), who shook off a bit of a cold streak by beating Baltimore in overtime.
The company is also offering unlimited unpaid time off to all employees.
The coronavirus causing COVID-19 disease which originated from Wuhan, China, has devastated Taiwan's tourism and aviation industries, forcing airlines to cancel flights and travel agencies to lay off workers or close.
The Cougars then put together a 6 play 71 yard drive that was capped off with a 35 yard touchdown pass from Mason Miller to Dawson Price.
The crew had set out on the Pen Glas from Brixham, Devon, on Friday, July 24, and were about 14 miles off Lyme Regis in Dorset when they came across the whales.
The crush on the Postal Service will be real, and it can be eased by providing more places for voters to drop off their ballots in person — like dedicated drop boxes, which are popular in Colorado.
The current series has seen the likes of Henry Blofeld, Britt Ekland, Paul Chuckle and Zandra Rhodes heading off on their travels as they contemplate whether retirement in India could be more fulfilling than it is here.
The data offered by all social platforms enables us to develop content that resonates, and drive audience behavior off social and onto other touchpoints.
The decision to have such a large climate-controlled space paid off from day one when the dealership first opened in the Valley Automall location.
The developers are already discussing adding more loadout slots this January, which is a great way to kick off a year of responding to player input.
The DF-21 has obvious applications against large capital ships, such as aircraft carriers, and in a future crisis could force the U.S. Navy to operate eight to nine hundred miles off Taiwan and the rest of the so-called “First Island Chain.”
The DLC expansion is currently available at Green Man Gaming for $30, which is 50% off its original price of $59.99.
The doctors union said it has been "caught off guard" by the threat of mass resignation by senior doctors from a western Sydney hospital.
The duo is off to fix the moon malt machine, which has a mysterious glitch, and are helped along by a new friend.
The Dutch government is teaming up with blood bank organization Sanquin to collect blood plasma from former Covid-19 patients in the hope that antibodies can be used to help treat people who are actively fighting off the coronavirus disease.
The Dutchman led every lap of what turned out to be a processional race in his Red Bull to cross the line 15.9 seconds ahead of Mercedes pair Valtteri Bottas and Lewis Hamilton on an uncharacteristic off day for the otherwise dominant champions.
The eardrum that required surgical repair isn't what kept Little off Winnipeg's roster for the NHL's restart in July, however.
The Edison, New Jersey native kicked things off with her track “You Should Be Sad” and it was absolutely incredible.
The efforts paid off early as the team earned a PC but could not convert.
The eight-year-old was back to his best, out in front and holding off a raft of Epsom hopefuls to score.
The episode opened with a classic device of TV spy thrillers: around the world, agents were being bumped off by an unseen killer.
The escalation of the US-China trade war rhetoric from the US and finger pointing at Wuhan for the alleged release of the coronavirus has all led to a risk off tone coming into the market.
The event will kick off March 13, with the Qlathe Cornhole Championship at 3 p.m. and 6 p.m. Registration for teams of two is open online.
The family of George Floyd made a somber appearance, asking viewers to engage in a moment of silence for the Black man whose death in police custody in Minneapolis in May set off months of nationwide unrest.
The father-of-two, from Thetford, Norfolk, had endured a long-term perineum infection which saw his penis turn black before falling off completely in 2014.
The featured a scooped neckline that dipped well below her chest and showed off her ample cleavage.
The fire began burning Friday, August 14 off the Deadman Road south of County Road 80C in the Roosevelt National Forest.
“The fish were fresh in from the sea, having survived a journey from either the coastal waters off west Greenland or the Faroe Island, before being cruelly killed by an illegal net, a few miles from their final destination.
The five-year-old is dancing around the edge of the thing, swooping pieces onto the floor with her skirt and unwittingly carting them off in her doll stroller.
The former Real Madrid shot stopper was forced off with a thigh injury against Atalanta and subsequently missed the semi-final, leaving him as a major doubt for this match with Sergio Rico again set to deputise.
The former writer shared the happy news by posting an Instagram photo of himself and the Oscar winner showing off her engagement ring.
The Gateway girls soccer team finished its regular season with seven games in 11 days as a stretch of time off because covid issues within the school district created a stretch run more compact than normal.
The general election campaigns for the presidency, house of representative membership and councillorship kick off here today with the ADA candidate scheduled to launch his campaigns at Mnazi Mmoja grounds.
The girls junior varsity started off the night.
The good news is that, to start with, the pandemic means you’re off the hook for a bit when it comes to trying to explain your living situation.
The Government has stood by its decision to strike Spain off the UK's list of safe destinations after it saw a spike in the number of coronavirus cases.
The government might not be fully accurate in their estimates but I don’t be they are way off mark, at least there is no evidence to it.
The Govs protected the rock, committing just 11 turnovers to Jacksonville State’s 20. That led to 20 points off turnover for Austin Peay State University, compared to just 12 for the Gamecocks.
The greatest loss of life in this dangerous episode was caused by the tragic downing of a Ukrainian civilian flight that had just taken off from Tehran’s airport, killing all 176 people on board.
The Group stated in a statement that the call had become necessary in view of the planned take off of the South-West’s security outfit, “Amotekun” which was put together by governors in the zone.
The GUPD crime log writes that an unauthorized protester was located in Red Square at 3:24 p.m. after they had been previously escorted off campus, with the case closing in arrest.
The health briefing kicked off just moments after the health authorities announced 76 new cases were registered overnight.
The hearings will no doubt cost the struggling Senator time off the campaign trail and instead, in the Senate chambers.
The heightened accountability at busy intersections felt a bit creepy and oppressive, but most drivers shrugged it off as the price we must pay for safer roadways.
The Herd outscored UAB in the paint 28-16 and off turnovers 12-9 and overall shot 34.5% (19-for-55) in the game.
The hotly anticipated hearings, which kick off at 10 a.m., will be among the first-ever publicly broadcast as part of a pilot project launched last month to make the High Court’s proceedings more accessible to the public.
Their goal is to cut off the right wing of the Democratic Party.
The Jaguars forced 20 turnovers on 12 steals, scoring 22 points off turnovers.
The judge found that on two occasions in July 1975, Dr. Koller hung the dog off the ground, beating it with his hand and foot until it lost consciousness.
The Kansas City Chiefs and San Francisco 49ers will square off in Super Bowl 54 on Feb. 2, and FanSided is here to help savvy gamblers find the five best bets for the big game.
The killer even sent a Valentine’s card to one admirer, signing off with the words ‘I love you’.
The Killybegs Coast Guard were alerted to the incident by the Malin Head Coast Guard at around 1.30pm on Monday, and immediately set off to assess the situation.
The Lady Lancers started off in a back and forth affair, but after a hot shooting stretch in the second quarter, they went into the half up 31-18.
The Ladysmith taxi rank was packed to capacity with commuters getting off or into taxis.
The latest example was a at the Shakopee, Minnesota, facility earlier this month over the firing of Farhiyo Warsame, who said she was fired at the end of September for allegedly spending too much “time off task.”
The lighting quick guard looks to attack off the dribble, with 18 of his 25 points last game coming inside the arc and the rest at the foul line.
The lights were off at Vineet Garg's gold and jewellery store near Delhi's Connaught Place, despite an "open" sign.
The look highlighted and accentuated her ample assets as she showed off her sexy curves in front of a large window overlooking Miami.
The lower half of the piece transitioned into just a narrow strip of fabric down the center that showed off her toned abdominal muscles on either side.
The major utilities companies in California all said they won't shut off power to those who can't pay during the pandemic.
The meeting was kicked off with a presentation.
The messaging app showed off a roster of shows and news coverage that it believes speak to the social awakening that is happening across the country.
The Miami Dolphins are hanging on to the final Wild Card spot in the AFC, but they too need to keep winning in order to hold off the Raiders and the Ravens.
“The more we can get ready to anticipate the long-term consequences, the better off we will be,” Dr. Thrul commented.
The most recent five days are left off due to incomplete data not reflecting the true number of cases.
The most recent iteration, featuring around 3,000 personnel, kicked off on March 15 amid the global coronavirus pandemic.
The MS Westerdam sails off Sihanoukville, Cambodia, Thursday, Feb. 13, 2020.
Then, alongside some A-list Warner Brothers talent, including James Cagney and a young, screechy Mickey Rooney, she came off fantastically well in the 1935 Reinhardt “Midsummer” film version.
The Navy's stealthy carrier-launched F-35C is now moving much closer to combat readiness after conducting "carrier qualification" exercises from the USS Carl Vinson off the coast of Southern Calif., service officials said.
The networking paid off when, in 1904 he landed a position with the E.C. Foy Furniture Company.
The news did not sit well with Meghan, as her friend explained: 'Meghan said the global projects they are working on speak for themselves and they chose that name to protect the royal name, not profit off of it.'
The next morning, residents awoke to news that their sprawling city that straddles the Yangtze River was cut off from the outside world.
The next time you’re tired of the same old GWorld offerings, venture off campus to Green Almond Pantry.
The night glow occurs when light reflects off clouds and the onset of fall and winter weather typically brings more overcast conditions.
Then, on Oct. 18, dozens of people gathered on Swede’s Beach in Sausalito to protest a homeowner caught on video ordering a Black man off the beach a week earlier.
Then on Saturday, April 18th drop off your clay at Der Topfer Gallery and Studio, 1211 3rd Ave Scottsbluff, Ne 69361.
Then they went and paid off the mortgage.
Then we're off to Africa, and Disney seems not to have made a choice here and puts forth a perplexing mix of characters from both the 1994 and 2019 versions, as well as the Broadway musical.
Then we will put the mask on, and then we take it off and we keep going.”
The Office ran for 9 seasons and it usually got off to a great start with premiere episodes that scored high on IMDb.
The Palestinian Authority has broken off all dealings with Israel and the US.
“The photographer’s vision and hard work paid off to elevate what could have been routine,” the judge wrote for Baskow’s entry.
The photo showed her writing in what appeared to be a journal while lifting her toes up and showing off her long, lean legs.
The Pistons are coming off a back-to-back, whereas the Raptors had a day to rest.
The pose showed off her shapely shoulders and curvaceous legs.
The president brushed off a question about whether he had any concerns about the potential impact on the global economy.
The project, expected to be completed in 14 months according to the Managing Director of O’odua Infraco Resources Limited, Mr Sammy Adigun would be officially flagged off in October.
The proof was in the pudding: it went off like a firecracker and spawned franchise spin-offs, such as the Golden Eagle, The Gong and The Hunter.
The proximity between this high and a storm expected to settle off the coast could give the intensity of the winds a boost, due to the difference in pressure between these two systems.
The quake struck just off the US territory's southern Caribbean coastline at 4:24 am local time (0824 GMT).
The Raiders footprint on the Las Vegas Valley continues to progress as the first NFL season in the team’s new era in Southern Nevada is set to kick off in seven months.
The Rams were just 2-3 early in the season, then won their final 17 contests, dethroned mighty McAuley and knocked off Cony to capture the program’s first state championship.
The rankings are based off of the new star rating system, and although individual fighter attributes have not been released, the stars are divided into categories like striking, grappling and health.
“The reality is that we could’ve been better off if China had been more forthcoming,” Pence told CNN.
“There are going to be less jobs and they’re going to go off your track record.
There are many question marks surrounding the weekend forecast, largely swirling around an area of low pressure just off the coast.
There are now scheduled games right through until the new year, so the young squad will be provided with plenty of opportunities to show off their prowess.
The Rebels were going to be better than the last time we saw them, in a 91-78 season-opening loss to Montana State in which the best thing about UNLV was that pregame fireworks came off without a hitch.
"The referee calls full-time off that, not the siren or the scoreboard timer."
There have been straight-to-DVD released movies based on Buzz, but he's certainly got the popularity and character depth to also pull off a major release.
There is a walk-in closet off the main room.
There is enough social media out there to let you know if a game is off or on or whatever.
There’s a virus circulating that picks off the most vulnerable, which is how viruses work.
There’s still a chance for an isolated shower or storm through this evening, but rain tapers off after sunset with dry weather overnight.
“There’s that two to three-foot chop that happens every day off Chatham, Monomoy and Vineyard Sound, there’s always a breeze in the afternoon,” Mr. Dobias said.
There were gradual improvements after his ankle healed and, for what he may describe as a mixed season, the world No3 capped off the year with a sublime victory at the DP World Tour Championship in Dubai, for his third Race to Dubai crown in four years.
The Safety Car led the field for five laps before handing back to Hamilton who stayed in control until lap 13 when Daniil Kvyat suffered a right rear puncture and crashed heavily at Maggots, where both rear wheels smashed off his Alpha Tauri.
The same happened again in September of that year, this time even farther off the mark, near the South Korean presidential Blue House.
The same legal team acting for Price had fired off a letter demanding that we take it down for breaching 2UE’s copyright.
The scheme McCarthy came up with over the off season is motion heavy.
The Seattle Times reported that 45-year-old Michael Knapinski of Woodinville died in the emergency room at Harborview Medical Center after being airlifted off the mountain Sunday.
These characters each have their own eccentric habits and play off of one another in very entertaining and often unexpected ways.
The second look is a polished disco aesthetic where the hair is parted off centre and then styled into a clean kink.
These sites allow anyone who lives in suburban Cook County to vote or drop off their mail-in ballots.
These three castaways made it off the island.
These two teams squared off earlier this season, and dynamic guard Trae Young propelled the struggling Hawks to an upset victory in Denver.
The shortstop emphasized the importance of not getting off to a slow start, but he has confidence in their explosive lineup and seems to be embracing their underdog role.
The show kicked off with the reveal of Bright Memory Infinite, a promising first-person shooter with a lightning-fast fusion of action game elements.
The situation resulted from the cancellation of inbound flights that chopped off the number of tourists to the region.
The size, in square miles, of the iceberg that just broke off Pine Island Glacier on the edge of Antarctica.
The small stains should be easy to remove and if there are many layers then you should try to scrape off what you can and leave the other products to do the job.
The Soviet Union had a variety of mini-submarines that could operate in littoral regions, detaching themselves from mother submarines and quietly unloading frogmen off enemy coastlines.
The squirrels made off with a couple of the bulbs but there were enough left to provide a spotted background for the miniature rose I bought from a local big-box store in town.
“The station is off air at the moment.”
The store took off like a rocket and now has more than available.
The Sweetheart Hike at Ash Cave takes place Feb.15, kicking off the evening at 5 p.m. with a peaceful, romantic hike to Ash Cave.
The tariffs set off a trade war between the world's two largest economies with China applying retaliatory tariffs to U.S. products sold to China, notably soybeans.
The teams also have mutual days off on Sept. 3 and 14.
The teenager thought to kick off the trend was not charged as an adult for licking the dessert.
The top featured a halter-style neck and a cut-out section in the front that showed off her cleavage.
The two battled to a 3-2 count and, after Ellis fouled off one delivery, he took ball four to force in a run.
The two kicked off Oprah’s 2020 Vision: Your Life in Focus Tour on Saturday in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
The two men then face off in ritual combat.
The two-piece was complete with a barely there thong that showed off her peachy buns.
The Unemployment Insurance Fund said the largest number of people laid off by a single company was 57 at the Swedish industrial company HANZA Mechanics Narva which operates in Narva in Ida-Viru County.
The unseeded Cougars were the tournament’s Cinderella after knocking off top seed Virginia in the second round, downing West Virginia 3-0 and blanking South Carolina 1-0 in the quarterfinals.
The vehicle then traveled off the road and struck a utility pole and two large trees.
The video, filmed from a car driving in the opposite direction, shows a dark-colored SUV speeding along the shoulder before plunging off the cliff, according to The Mercury News.
The weekend kicks off at 5:30 p.m. Friday, Jan.
The Williams were among a dozen or so people trying to scrub spray paint off of a parking wall at Gate City Bank off First Avenue North.
The woman added a cap full of vinegar to her machine, before setting it off and getting all of the food out at the end of the cycle.
They accomplished this feat using a microRNA gene circuit, which acts like a molecular chisel by carving away unwanted tissues—these are selectively killed off using a suicide gene—and leaving behind the lineage of interest.
They are further able to leverage available open-sourced technology so they don’t need to reinvent, they simply can invest in what there is and build off that.
They have been asked to stay off work and to self-isolate in line with national guidance.
They pulled off to the side and got out because as Hoss said… “Bert just wanted to talk to some troops that had to work on Thanksgiving”.
They quickly became active and headed off away from the beach looking strong.
They ran off in the direction of Palacerigg Golf Club after the attack in Cumbernauld at about 3.15pm on Wednesday.
They reconnect with another family of sleeper agents, and their horrific murder towards the end of the episode kicks off the overarching plot of the season.
They regularly trim them straight up, hacking off branches with lilacs and limbs with lovely leaves.
They scored on backdoor cuts, pull up jumpers, power moves inside, open threes and most distressing to the Heels-they even scored off put backs.
They started off with one espresso machine on a street cart outside Oxford's Westgate shopping centre, which initially struggled to stay afloat.
They were also required to be off the phone when their shift concluded under a measure called “adherence to schedule”, he said.
They were joined on Wednesday night by holders Manchester City, who have lifted the trophy in 2018 and 2019, as they saw off rivals Manchester United 3-2 on aggregate despite a 1-0 loss in at home in the second leg match.
They will be the first to launch to orbit from American soil since 2011, and the new old logo was dusted off to commemorate the milestone.
Things sure change fast, and we now have the week off thanks to coronavirus.
“This explosion was the final bullet to kill off the country.”
This film contains all the slapstick comedy that an Adam Sandler movie usually contains, such as the character constant falling off his bike.
This further puts us at risk of being forcibly cut off from each other, lest we suddenly experience ourselves as connected, interdependent and sovereign beings.
This is selective legislation designed based on sour grapes of people that are just pissed off over medical marijuana because they think it's a bunch of drug inducing jazz musician playing hippies they just want to sit around and be stoned all the time.
This is the same dunk contest where Aaron Gordon brought out a DRONE, but couldn’t finish the dunk (he was also coming off of an injury.) So we’ll live with this.
This is why the silent Biden voter outnumbers the loud mouthed, vile Trump supporter that gets off on being lower than the dog excrement on my shoe.
This means moving your arses off the sofa and out of your house.
This means this three seater sofa, available in 78 different fabrics, has over £350 off its full price.
This program is a tool provided by the LA Workforce Commission to get laid off workers re hired, a way to re employ experienced, qualified workers.
This strange and enchanting suburb is the site of the Frank Lloyd Wright Home and Studio at 951 Chicago Avenue (take a green line L train from Clinton station and get off at Ridgeland).
This was a huge blow to the club on and off the field of play.
This year, a change in rules allowed local election officials to begin processing ballots as early as October 25. Clerks receive the ballots, voters are marked off lists, and ballots are removed from their envelopes and run through a counting machine.
“This year we are offering curbside drop off at the five locations in the Golden Triangle,” Beaumont Area Volunteer for the Golden Triangle Usha Beckman said.
This year, with the results of Iowa's caucuses muddled by technology and reporting problems, Nevada is under heavy pressure to pull off a problem-free caucus.
Thorne and Truth to start, Ron showing off with the splits and kicking Shane’s let out of his leg to force him to the same!
Those cases ticked up even rates of new diagnoses fell off in China.
Those on board the vessel, which is docked off the coast of Yokohama, are anxiously waiting news on when they will be flown home.
Those who’d like to drop off food can email Natalie at to request the address.
Three generations of Malones — grandfather Ken, son Scott and grandson Mitchell — came off Heidecke Lake at midmorning Saturday, ahead of building winds, on opening day of duck hunting in Illinois’ north zone.
Thrill seekers pull off to the side of Santiago Canyon Road to take cell phone video of the Bond Fire, driven by high winds, near Silverado Canyon on Thursday, December 3, 2020.
Tiger is box office on his worst day, but the world is waiting to see if Charlie is a chip off the old block.
Tip and Jeezy will face off next Thursday, Nov. 19, at 8 p.m. ET on IG Live and Apple Music.
To all of you, who continue to support local journalism, and who continue to join me vicariously on my trips afield, or chuckle when I explain how my latest best-laid plans go off the rails, I give thanks.
"To come up with the short kick off and for Izzy to go up there and take it one-handed and it gives us a chance to win it, we are obviously happy with the end result," he beamed.
To do that, lab workers in the hospital's animal care centre, who worked between two and eight hours in a day, could take off their N95 respirator at a designated area and put it in a resealable bag.
“To have the opportunity to start Opening Day, to kick off the year — I was thinking about that last night — that would mean a lot to me,” Giolito said Wednesday.
Tony Martin-Vegue, whose wife, Christina Kerby, remains in Phnom Penh, began immediately preparing for her return home to California’s Bay Area once she got off the ship.
Top manufacturers there at first shrugged off the prospect of a wide-scale move to electric cars.
To rejuvenate the high street, planners and retailers will have to work together to create a more enticing offer that gets us off our computer screens and away from out-of-town shopping centres.
TORONTO — The Maple Leafs had plane tickets in hand, ready to jet off to warmer climates.
To round off your facial, apply oil and massage into the skin, which according to Pfeffer helps remove toxins, release tension and boost circulation to leave with a glowing complexion.
To serve, place the rib on a chopping board and cut the meat off the bone into 4 even, round slices, then cut the ribs and give them to those who love to chew on the bone.
To switch it off in the Alexa app, click More from the row of icons at the foot of the screen, then Settings > Account Settings > Voice Purchasing.
Train stations, the airport and subways were closed; police checked incoming vehicles but did not entirely close off roads.
Trickster kicks off with a harrowing scene in a forbidding forest before switching to more mundane images of dread: drugs, poverty and school bullies.
Tropical Storm Eta made what's expected to be its final exit from land Thursday, swirling off over the Atlantic at the Florida-Georgia border after spreading death and destruction over a meandering 10-day journey from Nicaragua and Honduras.
Trump and his allies maintain that Biden wanted Shokin out in order to head off an investigation into a natural gas company, Burisma, where his son Hunter served as a director.
Trump’s campaign kicked off the 2020 election year ramping up religious voter outreach, launching “Evangelicals for Trump” with a massive rally-like event at a Miami megachurch.
Tui said its restructuring would affect its airline business and would also involve selling off "non-profitable activities".
Turkey has backed the Government of National Accord to fend off the Libyan National Army, which is backed by the United Arab Emirates and Egypt.
• Turn off the ability of others to see your friends list, information that can be used to surveil, catfish or phish you.
TV Talk: McCandless native takes off in ‘The Flight Attendant’
Tyson Fury reveals he used to be embarrassed to take his shirt off but now happy to be the 'chubby, bald guy'
Uber is kicking off a local pilot program to rent adaptive scooters to people with disabilities.
Under Serie A rules, would be handed a 3-0 win in the match, which was due to kick off at 8.45pm local time.
Unfortunately, the only challenge he doesn’t quite pull off is to persuade us that he actually is one.
"Unfortunately, the only way that this thing works â€” this thing being 100-plus people working off of an honor system trusting each other with their lives â€” is if everybody is following the rules."
United are also sweating over the fitness of Rashford, who has been dealing with a shoulder problem for the best part of a month and was forced off against PSG, though Solskjaer is hopeful he will be able to play.
Upon arrival officers located a male subject just off the sidewalk suffering from a gunshot wound.
Using my CROC baby mini flat iron, I ironed the front section of the hair making sure that I got as close to the root as possible and only coming up about an inch off the root.
VANCOUVER -- Thousands of hotel workers across B.C. have been laid off in the weeks since the provincial and federal governments have tightened restrictions on travel and daily life in order to combat the COVID-19 pandemic.
Vergara is just coming off “Modern Family,” which will end in April after 11 seasons.
Victoria will admit that it’s not easy for her to tell people when she gets tired, because everyone thinks she’s worse off that she is.
Video footage shown on state television showed the pilgrims setting off on their climb to the summit.
Video from the incident shows Kitts shouting, “Get off of me!
Viewers will be left clueless as to where Ian has run off to – but events then take a surprising turn when Peter is unexpectedly injured in a hit and run accident on the Square.
Visibly angry, he walked off the stage, saying: “Thank you, I have said everything.”
Wall Street stocks finished at fresh records on Thursday, again shrugging off worries about the coronavirus outbreak and applauding China's move to cut tariffs on US goods.
Wave height 1-2 meter and about 2 meters off shore.
“We actually walked through the store and saw every cleaning chemical wiped off the shelf.
”We appeal for calm and urge members of the public to keep off the scene and be law-abiding,” Oke-Osanyintolu said.
We are going to work on a pathway to get students with existing loans written off and we have outlined that in our manifesto.
Wearing one of his well-pressed blazers, his voice steady as ever, he playfully showed off the goatee he’d grown since the pandemic halted production in March.
We can’t make money selling tomatoes, banana, onions, plantain or anything else, but we will make $30 mil plus off ganja farming.
"We can't take our foot off the gas pedal," said Gorman, saying people must continue to wear a mask, wash hands and social distance.
We did not hit it off at first but overcame our initial animosity to begin dating in 1992, falling in love and, on January 1, 1993, becoming husband and wife.
Wednesday night's campaign event kicked off a three-day, three-rally Western swing for Trump that starts in Arizona, a critical swing state Trump won four years ago that Democrats hope to win back in November.
“We don’t want people to be turned off by a paywall.
Weeds get torn loose by storms, higher shallow water boat activity, anglers, and some plants die off with the excessive heat and warm water.
We figured out back in the 50s that we'd be better off with a half-dozen small nukes than one big one.
We have also instituted Professional Development Days (PDD) and Professional Learning Communities (PLC) for teaching staff, where they would take time off work to develop their skills through note comparison,” he said.
We have been able to get you the departmental cut off mark of EKSU, Below are all the departmental cut off mark for the Ekiti state university, just move down little by little to get that of your department and course.
We knew that before they stormed off to a 3-0 bubble record with wins against the Lakers and the Heat.
We knew the Japs could set off depth charges at 200 feet.
“We know this was an isolated incident based off the information we have and the people we interviewed, so our citizens of Celina and Prosper can know that we got the guy,” Celina Mayor Sean Terry told NBC5 Wednesday.
We live in a society where most people have inadequate health care in the best of times, and where most people are in no financial position to pay the rent next month after being laid off this month.
We’ll hold off rating it for safety until all the data is in.
We love it because it shows off Harry Potter's true sass and it reveals that as much as Malfoy tries, he can never intimidate Harry.
We need more help for the homeless but we need it in conjunction with a whole bunch of other services: safe drug supply, counselling, getting people off the drugs, getting them back into the mainstream," Siebring said.
"We photographed it off a static-y television set and ran it through a spectrograph to make the cover image.
We received a lovely holiday email from Chief Brand Officer Stephanie McMahon that led off this way: "As 2020 comes to a close, it is a time for reflection, a time to be grateful, and a time to take out some of our pent-up frustration from this past year.
We see the company tag line as Lily and Sergei get off the bus: Your quantum future.
“We’ve seen big outbreaks kicked off by these types of situations.”
We were prepared to start our season in November, but we got the news it would be put off for another four weeks and our guys got back in the video and film work without hesitation and working on getting better.”
What brand-new maps the developers will add is almost impossible to predict, but when enough small arenas are added it may pay off to revisit large-scale map design with lessons learned from the existing maps in mind.
Whatever Charter meant by that objection, its argument didn’t get it off the DHCP hook.
What if, way back when, she’d tried to pass herself off as a member of a different, larger aggrieved ethnic group, one slightly more crucial to the Democrat base?
What Neasloney did - on and off the catwalk - was tacky.
What's crazy about this is that a few years ago when Murphy became Gov, he told the government to just get it on his desk and he'd sign off on it.
What started off as wanting eight toys as a kid, quickly changed into a NEED for helping my community.
What the emergence of the call shows is that even if Reade’s memory is off on timing or details, the substance of her claims — in this case, that her mother called Larry King and discussed her situation — can still be true.
What they said they could treat is a flare that I may get going off of it.
When a girl is cut, she is then married off at a young age - 12, 13 or 14. Then she no longer goes to school, she cannot go on to acquire skills or get a job.
When a New York couple was told their over 100-year-old home was built by a notorious bootlegger, they passed it off as small town legend.
When Chisaki is out of her school uniform, the clothes she wears on her days off from school are either a light violet or dark purple.
When dropping off your ballot, be sure that it is an official ballot box or at an official designated drop-off.
When I see people kneeling during the playing and disrespecting our flag and disrespecting our national anthem, what I do, personally, is turn off the game,” he added.
"When I see that person drive our trailer off the parking lot I just get filled with anger," Scoutmaster Jimmy Smedley said.
When it comes to his magic off the field, Minshew’s persona delivers time and time again.
When it finally gets off the ground, it will include the first batch of the company's broadband satellites equipped with a sunshade to reduce their brightness.
“When Nasrallah criticized the revolution, the mask fell off for everyone,” he said.
When Randall Haynie picked off an overthrown pass from Brennan, Seals hit tight end Ben Bresnahan with an 8-yard TD pass to pull the Commodores to 14-7 in the second quarter.
When these are off tangent, we are doomed no matter how much we scream our lungs, fight our battles or make promises.
When the vehicle fled, the victim pursued it in his own vehicle, and informed police that the two suspects had been dropped off at a location not far from the 7-11.
When time beckoned for the kids of the Flash Family to take the reins, they answered just in time - as they show off their incredible powers.
"When we met each other, we were young women with big dreams, but we didn't know how to get them off the ground.
"Whether it takes shutting off utilities or revoking their permits, we must do what it takes to shut these party houses down," he added.
Whether you need encouragement to get serious about paying off debt, you need help preparing a family budget, or you are seeking to prepare for retirement, Financial Peace will give you the tools to take that next step.
While Biden’s top foreign policy advisor Antony Blinken has begun to on the conflict, Alex de Waal has some for his incoming team: “Head off military operations before they escalate and spread.”
While Din Djarin is off adventuring on the high seas with the other Mandalorians, he leaves the Child with the Frog Lady and her husband, which seems like a recipe for disaster … or at least for more outraged tweets from the show’s more sensitive fans.
While I was at the door chiwure chake (his prostitute) shot out of the window and ran off naked.”
While Mulder and the local authorities desperately search for Scully, the frustrated G-man remarks that people see Elvis every day all over the country, but “no one saw a pretty woman being forced off the road in a rental?
While that number has leveled off to about “50 percent in recent months as our members feel more comfortable coming in for care,” she said.
While the AFL turns over close to $1 billion a year - the cut off for assistance - the league qualifies for the JobKeeper allowance, because of their non-profit status.
While you may be disciplined about paying off your store loan, what happens if the retail chain you bought from experiences financial problems?
Whoever had ‘Donald Trump dancing to the Village People’ on their 2020 Bingo card, don’t forget to cross it off today.
Who turned off the sun.
Williamson, who started work at the council in April 2016 after moving from Queensland, used around $70,000 to pay off outstanding debts and credit card bills, and sunk $20,000 into a failed business venture.
Wisconsin is coming off a home loss to Maryland Monday.
With games like Spider-Man: Miles MoralesSackboy: A Big Adventure set to land on the console at launch, it seems the PS5 will have a lot of opportunities to show off its biggest advancements, both in terms of gameplay and visual quality.
Without going into spoilers, the finale of the 10-episode series is a masterpiece, one that perfectly pays off the previous nine half-hours of compelling yet overwhelming misery and makes the whole experience completely worth it.
Without tangible proof, the American president has accused the video-sharing platform for months of siphoning off data from American users for the benefit of Beijing.
With regular holiday vacations off the table for the time being, Ontarians are planning road trips, many of them close to home.
With social distancing keeping people off the roads and out of the skies, air quality has seen drastic improvements around the world.
With the Eufy SpaceView baby monitor, which is 30% off its original list price of $160, you can keep an eye on your baby without marching up and down the stairs or hallway every time you think you hear a peep.
WKU then chewed 8:14 off the clock on its first possession, which featured two false start penalties and two timeouts.
Wondrlab has officially kicked off its operations in the north with an office in NCR, which will also cater to India’s Eastern regions.
Wood told them he believed the child had fallen off the couch earlier in the day and hit his head.
Would say "last one out, turn off the lights", but they're already out because the bill didn't get paid.
Yet it may make sense to top off those tanks ahead of planting, just to be sure.
You are able to pay your loan off whenever you want with no penalty.
You are far better off saving the mortgage interest on that amount than earning the pathetic interest you are getting on your cash deposit.
You can also choose to pay off your student loans anytime between 5 and 20 years.
“You can’t play that positive brand of cricket and then the minute it doesn’t quite come off you start to criticise or hit the panic button.
You don’t have to dive off the deep end with this touching thing.
You’d probably not pick them up off a bookshelf at the local Barnes & Noble unless you were a writer or some other kind of odd bird who likes to read about where the English language is headed.
You feed off the reaction of the crowd, whether it’s to a tackle, a foul or a referee’s decision.
You’ll need to act fast, though: They’re already flying off the shelves.
You may not feel like a wacko; you may feel like a perfectly normal commuter, heading off to work, wearing your Santa hat and a poncho made from post-office packaging.
Younger, female and generally healthy people have more chances of fighting off the virus.
“You should limit your contact with people and avoid having visitors to your home, but it is okay for friends, family or delivery drivers to drop off food without having physical contact with you.”
You used to watch with your laptop open staring into each other’s eyes as you drifted off to sleep like you were newlyweds.
Zimbabwe: Is it worse off than under former Robert Mugabe?
Zinedine Zidane’s men qualified by beating Valencia 3-1, while Atleti saw off Barcelona.
Zuckerberg was gone by evening, off to have dinner with firefighters in the nearby town of Elkhart.
