09:33: 'Hands off Commons' Deila issues hands off warning over Commons, 10,000 Irish fans want tickets, and Lewandowski wants revenge.
09:59: MV Parida safely docked MV Parida, a ship carrying nuclear waste which was left adrift off the coast of Wick after getting into difficulty, has been towed to safety.
1:12 Now watching Up next Air Guitar Championships With each passing year this musical competition keeps growing, with contestants keen to show off their skills with a guitar.
15.6-inch Dell Inspiron touchscreen laptop – $100 off Beats by Dr. Dre Solo HD on-ear headphones – $90 off On top of these Best Buy Black Friday highlights, the retailer has a variety of other products discounted for Black Friday.
19:48: Manage to catch a train to Hayes which stops off at London Bridge.
21 July 2014 Last updated at 01:12 The Cornish beaches where Lego keeps washing up By Mario Cacciottolo BBC News Magazine Continue reading the main story A container filled with millions of Lego pieces fell into the sea off Cornwall in 1997.
About 100 soldiers, marines and federal and state police cordoned off the area and kept journalists away from the burial pits, which were found on a hillside in rugged territory of Iguala's poor Pueblo Viejo district.
About 550 full-time professors, teaching staff and librarians at UNB's campuses in Fredericton, Saint John, Moncton and Bathurst walked off the job Monday in a legal strike.
Above all, though, he hopes that NATO and the EU will finally take off the kid gloves in their dealings with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Accidents were minimal across the Northeast as residents appeared to largely heed officials' pleas to stay off the roads.
According to fire officials, the riders were sitting upright about 45 feet off the ground near the top of the ride.
According to police, Squires cut off his ankle monitor Wednesday in Poplar Bluff while he was going to a doctor’s appointment and fled his probation and parole supervision.
According to the charging documents, Holiwell was tipped off to the investigation and sent out the following text message prior to his arrest: "The storm is coming, but I got something for their asses.
According to the Journal's unnamed sources, the phone will pull off that feat by using eye-tracking technology in four front-facing cameras.
According to the statement, dealers who have already signed off on the new arrangements would continue to be subject to those terms.
Ackerman and Gruber / for NBC News Anglers file off the ice after competing.
A crew of three and 12 passengers went out to Molokini, off Maui, aboard the Double Scoop, operated by the Scuba Shack, around 8 a.m., police said.
Adam Olalde and his Xtreme Xperience crew tour the country, offering up the event to locals who may want to check off the experience on their bucket list and get into bucket seats.
Adams gave St Louis a 2-0 lead in the second inning with a two-run shot off an 0-2 pitch, his sixth homer of the season.
A day after she fell off the balance beam in the individual all-around competition, the 18-year-old from Halifax rebounded by capturing gold on the event Friday.
Add More Videos or Photos You've contributed successfully to: Melissa Joan Hart shows off bikini bod Thanks!
Add More Videos or Photos You've contributed successfully to: NBC's 'Revolution' kills off main character Thanks!
A dip below the surface off nearby beaches reveals a world of dead coral and very few fish.
Aerospace Airbus insider trading hearing begins in Paris An insider trading trial has kicked off in Paris, centering on managers at Europe's largest aerospace group, Airbus, and major shareholders.
A few words were exchanged and this guy just ran off the pitch and up to our guys that were batting.
After a couple weeks for Flyers players to adjust to his new system, the team took off and made the playoffs.
After being dropped off at the airport in Newark, Skycap promised to wheel Vaticano directly to her gate.
After ending Britain's 77-year wait for a homegrown men's champion at Wimbledon last year, Murray got off to a strong start Monday in his bid to become the first to retain the title since Fred Perry in 1936.
After giving me a rundown on the Seattle bus system, we set off for the artsy Fremont neighborhood for a two-hour, $35 walking tour.
After Hernandez allegedly squeezed off shot after shot from a Smith & Wesson revolver that night in July 2012, he went on to play another season in the NFL.
After hospital yields, brain-dead pregnant woman taken off of life support KC Studios Photography Erick and Marlise Munoz hold their son Mateo.
After rinsing off at a nearby creek last week, he finally enjoyed a hot shower Tuesday at his fiancee's house 30 minutes away.
After-school jobs aren't paying off later like they used to, an analysis says.
"After the ballgame, pandemonium just broke out," Moore recalled, reminiscing about a scene that included him being hoisted onto the shoulders of his players and being carried off the field.
After the year was over, he decided he wanted to pursue a career path that would have more stability and pay off in the long run, he says.
A gentle giant off the floor, Ilgauskas accomplished it all through hard work, enduring endless hours of grueling rehab and treatment to fulfill a dream that began as a small boy playing soccer and volleyball in Lithuania.
A group of U.S. Navy Avenger planes, like the ones seen here in 1943, disappeared off the coast of southern Florida in December 1945.
AirAsia India is to take off on Thursday with an eye-catching promotional fare of 990 rupees (US$17) for flights between high-tech hub Bangalore and the popular coastal resort of Goa — cheaper than a second-class train ticket.
Airline services largely returned to normal on Monday with just a handful of flights cancelled after more than 700 flights were called off during the weekend, just as Japan began its annual "Obon" summer holiday.
Air raid sirens blared in the city — Israel's commercial capital, about 45 miles north of the Gaza Strip — and television reports showed people getting off buses and rushing for cover.
Air traffic controllers couldn't contact the crew shortly after the Learjet took off from Florida; pilots in other planes saw no movement in the cockpit; and eventually the jet ran out of fuel.
A.J. Pierzynski, fortuitously added to the NLCS roster by Matheny, can help cushion some of the drop off behind the plate.
A Kansas Highway Patrol motorist assist vehicle stops to help a motorist that slide off interstate h … New York issued a hazardous travel advisory for Wednesday and Mayor Bill de Blasio told residents to prepare for a difficult commute.
A larger and more versatile network than Bluetooth The company finished off a successful Kickstarter run last year, but this is the first time the finished hardware is seeing the light of day.
Alcantara recorded his first major league hit — a two-run double in the fourth off of Homer Bailey — and drove in three runs.
ALL CAPS, spam, obscene, profane, abusive and off topic comments will be deleted.
All day Monday, hundreds of people flocked to the exact location where the first bomb went off 40 feet from the finish line on April 15, 2013 at last year's Boston Marathon.
All of it, in one piece, slowly backs down to the pad it took off from, using its booster engines, and sets down gingerly on its feet.
All our enemies and future enemies from that area would back off and not attack USA again.
All the police equipment has already been taken off the car, and it has around 70,000 miles on it.
“All the power and water is off and we heard it's probably going to be a month before we can get some electricity back because all the power lines are down,” Pateros resident Shelly Roalson said.
All those years of work pay off for Erin Hamlin, proud parents Jeff Zillgitt, USA TODAY Sports 4:03 a.m. EST February 12, 2014 Erin Hamlin after claiming a bronze medal in women's luge.
A local mechanic took photos of the sticker after police dropped off the patrol car at his shop.
Along with Ford's skills off the edge, Reid said his intangibles are "off the charts."
Alpha laid off 261 mine workers last month, and hundreds more will learn their fate in late November.
Already one of college basketball's highest-paid coaches, Calipari led the Wildcats to the 2012 NCAA championship and is coming off his third Final Four appearance, a 60-54 title-game loss to Connecticut in April.
Alternatively, the voice-activated hands-free ‘selfie’ function shows off camera-ready poses.
Although industry did not support the law, it has shown willingness to accept requirements such as groundwater monitoring and local control to ease public concerns and head off the chance of a moratorium.
A man jumped in and took off with the four-year-old in the back.
A man scrapes snow and ice off the windshield of his car on a street in New York.
A member of the Swedish military mans a gun on a fast-attack craft on Saturday, October 18. Mystery vessel off Swedish coast?
America's Cup explained • First staged in 1851 off the Isle of Wight in England.
An attempt to secure Bae's release by a U.S. emissary was called off by Pyongyang in August and there has been no official contact between the United States and North Korea since then.
An Australian company is urging investigators to look for Flight 370 in the Bay of Bengal, thousands of miles away from the current search zone off the Australian coast.
And all attempts by other people to beat the bear off were in vain.
And as the concert drew to a close, the fountains turned multi-coloured and danced higher in the sky as the impressive fireworks started to go off over the crowds heads in time to the music.
Anderson fell off the cooling unit and onto the roof.
“And I looked out the window and this post, here, literally lifted off the ground before it fell over, and it did not look like a post.
And it could have been worse — much worse, had Germany not eased off the gas in the second half.
And it had its first complaints from drivers over the ignition shutting off while driving in 2004.
And someone saying we should turn them off might very well (later) say the officer turned if off because of this behavior so we have to work through that."
And that's a good thing because as a seasoned whistle blower I don't have any interest in telling on my neighbor for writing off his car lease or not reporting some extra cash made from hard labor.
And then, in the sake of regional peace, Iran will back off its assistance of Hezbollah, undeclare its desire to see bad things happen to Israel, and distance itself from Russia and Syrian dictator Bashar Assad.
And then people came, filling hills and valleys with houses and pushing the blue, gossamer-winged Xerces blue to extinction — the first butterfly on the planet to die off from human encroachment.
And they get off scot free.
And was she ordered to cut the interview short due to the network’s concern that Sherman might fire off an expletive, or because such a raw display of preening was a tad too real and ugly for the slick, corporatized broadcast clichés of the NFL?
And while Brooklyn pulled off a 4-0 sweep of Miami in the regular season – the first team to do so since 2010 – a mountain of evidence disputed the predictive value of those games.
And with failing to see that he actually plowed right into the back of my patrol car, literally, more or less, taking off the rear and the left side of the patrol car," said Brown.
Angular overhead smashes and well-placed drops paid off for Marin along with superior control in the crisis points.
An idiot with the moniker "v(on)miller58" (ya know, a Broncos player) trolling a Seahawks article who comes off as bitter in every post.
A night-vision image shows U.S. military personnel carrying Pfc. Jessica Lynch off a helicopter on April 1, 2003, at an undisclosed location in Iraq.
Animal Service Officers responded to the Cottage Grove property off Elk Drive earlier this month after receiving dozens of calls.
An intrepid all-female group of 20 mice will ride inside SpaceX's Dragon space capsule when it blasts off atop a Falcon 9 rocket on a delivery run to the International Space Station.
An Israeli border fence has since cut off the influx from Egypt, but migrants who have already crossed can be sent to what the government describes as an open prison in Israel's southern desert.
Another 30 people were sent off to an overspill court where they witnessed proceedings on a video feed.
Another woman said five men dragged her away from the crowd and took off her trousers.
Antananarivo, the capital of the island nation off the eastern coast of Africa, has two recorded cases, including one death.
Anti-Prop. 1 advocates painted a darker picture: the district as a kind of Darth Vader intent on condemning your property, selling off parks and building unwanted stadiums.
Ants and termites The termite genome also contains a high fraction of genes that are turned off by chemical tags, or methyl groups, the researchers found.
Anyone with a smartphone can hold the phone over a bar code or swipe it across a chip that sets off a call to the phone and the playing of an audio file that delivers the monologue.
A pair Thames free throws kicked off a 25-8 run with 7:07 left.
A policy known as transmigration, the moving of large numbers of people off Java to remote, more thinly populated regions, began under Dutch colonial rule and peaked in the 1970s.
A primary focus of firefighting efforts will be to pinch off the fire where it has reached the top of the canyon's northeast corner to keep it from burning north toward residential areas, he said.
Are the Beduoins in the Negev currently being run off their land not Israeli citizens!
Are you off your meds?
A riot of leaves walls off a bend in the river, a curtain of vines cascades from impossibly tall mango trees.
Arlo William Callaghan entering court for sentencing after he pleaded guilty to setting off a pipe bomb in an abandoned dump.
Armstrong tweeted on September 1, "Just got kicked off a southwest flight because my pants sagged too low!"
As a record production year winds down at Boeing, executives shrug off analysts’ worries about a possible downturn and express full confidence in busy years ahead for Washington state’s aerospace industry.
A serious crash in an icy drizzle caused the closing of Interstate 20 in Dallas, and a firefighter fell off a bridge during the response and was taken to a hospital, NBC Dallas-Fort Worth reported.
As for team-mate Felipe Massa, the Brazilian spun off at Stowe and crashed heavily into a barrier, only for his team to perform wonders by getting him back on track for FP2, at the end of which he finished 11th, just over two seconds back.
As for Wootton, who’s coming off hip surgery, his chances of being re-signed by the Bears diminished after veteran defensive lineman Israel Idonije returned on a one-year deal.
As he drinks his way around the world, Maxwell comes off as something of a daredevil — comparisons to bad-boy TV gourmand Anthony Bourdain are inevitable.
Asiana Airlines Flight 214 took off from Seoul earlier Saturday.
A significant part of the counterterrorism effort against the militants includes cutting off money to terror groups, Kerry said.
As Perez alleges in a new memoir, Lopez "went off (like) some ghetto biatch, screaming and pounding her chest" while they were working together on the show.
As the conference kicks off in Bretton Woods on July 1, 1944, the world's economy and finances have also been turned to rubble thanks to two world wars.
A strong Washington showing Despite the gale-force winds that nearly blew the main stage off its foundation, Seattle's own Mary Lambert braved the conditions to deliver a Friday performance both endearingly earnest and profoundly humbling.
At 6.12 a.m. on Sunday, 36 minutes after taking off from Surabaya's Juanda Airport on a flight to Singapore, the pilot asked for permission to climb to 38,000ft from 32,000ft and deviate to the left to avoid bad weather.
At about 1:30 a.m. Thursday, two Canadian CF-18 fighter jets intercepted two of the long-range bombers about 40 nautical miles (64 nautical kilometers) off the Canadian coastline in the Beaufort Sea.
At a campaign kick off on Saturday, Doug Ford said that despite his brother’s illness, he remains enthusiastic about the Oct. 27 election.
At approximately 8:15 p.m., the 69-year-old woman got off an ETS bus carrying groceries on the northwest corner of Webber Greens Drive and Lews Greens Drive, police say.
At Design and Construction Week in Las Vegas, True showed off the Professional line at its carefully constructed booth.
At first, Heather was skeptical of Aguigui; she had met him before Deirdre died, at a beer-pong party off post, and overheard him arranging to meet a girl at the barracks.
At first, the band shrugged off the stream of anonymous Internet criticism.
At issue, as the Supreme Court of Canada kicks off its fall session, is an appeal by Ontario in the case of an aboriginal man whose manslaughter conviction was thrown out because his jury had no First Nations members.
At least a year before your first child heads off to college, you may want to contact the financial aid office at a local school to ask questions about FAFSA, scholarships, loans and other aspects of assistance.
At the edges of the sports district are vacant lots where there were supposed to be stores and other commercial developments that would generate taxes to pay off the debt taken on to build the sports facilities.
A union representing Lufthansa's pilots says they will walk off the job at Frankfurt airport Tuesday.
A U.S. Navy airplane takes off from Perth to assist in the search on April 7. A member of the Royal New Zealand Air Force looks at a flare in the Indian Ocean on Friday, April 4, during search operations.
Australian Teen Kirra-Belle Olsson Survives Shark Attack at Avoca Beach An Australian teenage surfer who survived a shark attack said she at first thought one of her friends was grabbing her foot in the waters off a beach north of Sydney.
Authorities said they had sealed off a hotel where the man had stayed and that fellow guests were being monitored.
Avada will send the impressions off to the manufacturers.
Avista crews were called in to shut off the furnace.
A week later, after she set off behind the wheel again, she was quickly spotted by police.
A Yemenia Airways plane carrying more than 150 people crashed in the Indian Ocean off the island nation of Comoros on June 30, 2009.
A YouTube video posted earlier this month appears to show a woman sitting down, bent over, pulling the feathers off what looks like a bird and then eating it.
Bad news: Kids are now just buying off the Dollar Menu.
Bad writers were so taken with his Jesse Pinkman character, they changed their minds about killing him off in the first season.
BANGKOK (AP) — The rape and murder of a 13-year-old girl, who was shoved off a moving train on an overnight trip from southern Thailand, has sparked public outrage and calls for capital punishment for rapists.
BAR HARBOR, Maine, Sept. 15 (UPI) -- A humpback whale that spent more than a day trapped in a fishing net off the coast of Maine is now free, thanks the hard of work of the Maine Marine Patrol.
Barnes questions anti-racism plan May 9, 2014 -- Updated 1318 GMT (2118 HKT) The former England international, who famously kicked a banana off the pitch 27 years ago, says education is the key to tackling racism.
Based on the satellite data about where flight MH370 was heading after it turned off its course to Beijing, Goodfellow determined that the pilot's intended destination was a 13,000-foot airstrip on Pulau Langkawi, an island in northern Malaysia.
Basen says it is very common for people to bring their dogs off the designated hiking trails.
Bates called the violent elements of the demonstration "cowards and thugs who need to take off their masks."
Beau Boeckmann, president of Galpin Motors in Southern California, said one surprise for dealers is "that SUVs have really taken off again."
Because her boyfriend has been laid off for almost a year, Zachow has had to support him, as well as their children.
Because of Eritrea's destabilizing role in the troubled Horn of Africa, the UN imposed sanctions on the country in 2009, hoping to choke off its access to arms and money.
Because the unemployment rate is figured off the number of people actively looking for work.
Before McIlroy’s superb display, It was already a remarkable day for The Open because for the first time in its 154-year history, the field went out from both the first and 10th tees, instead of just everyone going off the first.
Before, that would've been cleared off the line and nothing been given.
BEFORE YOU GO: Tickets are usually pricey, but If you plan enough in advance, you can at least shave off a little money and buy with early-bird discounts.
Beijing and Washington have been squaring off for months over the issue of cyber attacks, each accusing the other of hacking into sensitive government websites.
Bejar wandered on and off stage to take lead vocals on the four or five songs he wrote.
Ben Forrer had only left his Citroen Relay for a few minutes as he dropped off an old cooker at the Sita yard, in Longford.
Benzema's first goal came from the penalty spot just before halftime after Wilson Palacios was sent off with his second yellow card for charging into the back of Paul Pogba.
Bergdahl has been allowed to venture off base during several weeks of treatment at an Army hospital in Texas.
Berliners, like other Germans, are supposed at least in theory to keep the noise down between 10 p.m. and 6 a.m. Because of the time difference with Brazil, many of this year's World Cup matches have kicked off at 9 p.m. or later in Germany.
Bill Clinton has long been known as a people person, someone who thrives off of retail-politicking.
Bling Bling" Moon shows off his own custom grill at his gold teeth shop of 15 years in San Francisco, Calif. All of his work is custom and he often uses his own teeth to in order to help visualized their own designs.
Bonin and three of his friends tried to move the gator off a road in Sulphur, La., KPLC reports.
Boston pitcher Jake Peavy, Philadelphia second baseman Chase Utley, San Diego closer Huston Street and New York Mets right-hander Bartolo Colon are thought to be on the market as contenders shop for that missing piece that could pay off into October.
Both carriers are pushing their monthly financing programs, which will allow customers to purchase Gear S for $0 down and pay it off over the course of 24 months.
BOX SCORE: Canucks 2, Blues 1 Santorelli has been one of head coach John Tortorella's favorite players this season, but he was taken off the top line with the Sedin twins in the first period on Friday.
Branden Smith intercepted Redblacks' backup Danny O'Brien in the second to set up Waters' 22-yard field goal at 11:47 as the Argos had 10 points off Redblacks turnovers.
Brandon Marshall had his first off game as a Bear.
Brazil on Friday powered to an impressive 2-1 quarterfinal victory over upstart Colombia at Estadio Castelao, setting off another round of raucous nationwide partying.
"Brooklyn Nine-Nine" star Terry Crews shows off his legendary strength at HuffPost Live on Jan. 31, 2013.
Bruce’s combination of materials gives the pieces a tactile quality, pulling the guardians off the canvas and towards those they keep safe.
Bruce's third career slam, off Darren O'Day, got the Reds to 5-4.
Bush: Has been holding off on splashy visits to early voting states but hosted spring fundraiser May 22 in Florida for Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad.
"But actually almost right off the bat we had a lot of people coming in the door."
But after spending $5 billion to get the equipment off the ground—and failing to anticipate the threat from coast-to-coast wireless networks—Motorola (MOT)-backed Iridium drew only a fraction of the customers it needed to stay in business.
But a lot of our time is off the field, in meetings, talking about different scenarios.
But being here now could take the edge off your recent frustration with your memory.
But Ford has said he's turning his life around, staying off alcohol and trying to lose weight.
But Greer fired off another shot anyway, killing her.
But he has gamely ventured into uncharted linguistic territory during his South Korea visit, delivering a handful of speeches in English and even speaking off the cuff Friday in English to thousands of young Asian faithful.
But he held off granting a request for air strikes from Maliki's Shi'ite Muslim-led government and renewed a call for Maliki to do more to overcome sectarian divisions that have alienated the Sunni Muslim minority.
But here I'm mostly talking about estimating how much of a downturn you can stand before you start selling off stocks and moving into more stable investments.
But he ticked off a list of Obamacare provisions that Republicans have long railed against, including a medical device tax, the requirement that individuals purchase health insurance and a 30-hour work-week to define full-time employment under the law.
But his game dropped off suddenly when he let the Japanese newcomer came back with a double fault that the crowd applauded.
But in an indication that little progress may be made on the issue during Biden's visit, a senior US administration official said the idea was off the table for now.
But in the end, the blue Cougars held off the red Cougars, 33-25, before a crowd of 57,630.
But in the "Miracle in Bern" a team made up of amateurs from post-war-torn West Germany pulled off a monumental shock.
But in the more likely case, the market will fall some more, bounce off its lows, then gradually start growing.
But it’s almost totally off limits to the public.
But it's coming off the face faster," he said.
But its user growth is at risk of tailing off after three years of explosive expansion, as newer messaging apps such as Tencent Holdings Ltd's WeChat draw users away.
But just because getting bollocked is normal in a particular office doesn't mean it's OK, especially if the way you're told off leaves you feeling humiliated or upset.
"But more importantly, this is where the company posts the best deals, some of which are currently saving travelers up to 30 percent off the price of a retail ticket."
But one usual suspect dropped off the list this year: Starbucks.
But power company officials told authorities that the power was turned off Monday.
But rather than show off his Magic Mike moves, Josh instead brought along some of our favorite future-facing gadgets — namely the Lytro Illum and Sony's Project Morpheus headset.
" But rather than simply dying off among teens, young users are more likely to change their relationship with Facebook.
But, someone forgot to turn off or collect his ID badge when his employment ended.
But the April 1 increase in Japan's sales tax to 8 percent from 5 percent is expected to cause a contraction in the economy for the April-June quarter because demand has fallen off following a rush of purchasing to beat the tax hike.
But the big day came and the event itself went off mostly without a hitch, though the finance minister finished his speech early and had to bide some time before the connection with Hadfield went live.
But the lawsuit says he did so only because Dove threatened to seize his vehicle unless he "got in his car and drove off and forgot this ever happened."
But the puck went to Briere who tucked it back in, around the post and off Ryan McDonagh Young goalie Dustin Tokarski came up big for the Canadiens, keeping the visitors in a game where New York held the upper hand for long periods.
But the request was put off because of ongoing challenges surrounding the department's notoriously messy data.
But The Times said that Britain was better off in "splendid isolation".
But they still need to knock off a handful of contenders before they can clinch a trip to the post-season.
But this year, he's facing off with Leto, the clear favorite, whose portrayal of a transsexual AIDS patient, like his co-star McConaughey in "Dallas Buyers Club," required him to become ultra-thin.
But to the east, the Russian annexation of Crimea was beginning to take root and Moscow shrugged off Obama's drive to leave Putin in the cold.
"But what happens if they take the program away, it would mean automatic deportation," she added, saying she and her husband, also undocumented, might be better off staying out of sight until a permanent solution is reached.
But while a government representative said negotiations were off to "a good start," the students expressed anger and disappointment at officials' unwillingness to address their real demands.
But you might be able to shave some time off by booking through CAA's website or mobile app, rather than calling.
But you step a couple of inches off that trail and then you’re into water.”
By ADAMU ADAMU and MICHELLE FAUL Survivors of a bomb blast at an illegal World Cup viewing site in northeast Nigeria that killed at least 14 people said Wednesday the force of the explosion blew off limbs and knocked people senseless.
By controlling the town, the Ukrainian army would be cutting off the regional capital, Donetsk, from the highway leading to the Russian border.
By ignoring the power of these tastemakers, our record company is cutting off its nose to spite its face.
By Lisa Respers France, CNN Tom Arnold showed off a 90-pound weight loss on "Conan" this month.
By the time police arrived at the highrise on Martha Eaton Way, John's attacker — her partner of more than a decade — had jumped to his death off a 21st-floor balcony.
By Tyler Wells Lynch February 07, 2014 Comments Tick another item off the list of ways Minority Report was spot-on.
Cadillac Moving HQ to NYC Cadillac will go through a major strategic realignment, spinning off as a separate business unit and moving its headquarters to New York City, the General Motors brand will confirm Tuesday.
Cammalleri's shot appeared to deflect off Voynov before trickling through Jones's legs.
Canucks defenseman Yannick Weber was then denied on the doorstep by Varlamov with the teams playing 4-on-4 midway through period and the Colorado goaltender stood tall again with a nice save on Booth off the rush to keep things tied after 40 minutes.
Canucks survive Oilers in SO Vancouver anthem singer Mark Donnelly had some fun at his expense before the Canucks faced off against the Edmoton Oilers in their home opener.
Can you just rattle off a few of those books and movies that inspired you?
Carlos Bacca headed Rakitic's free kick off the upright in the 20th, and Bacca set up Rakitic in the 29th only to see him stroke the ball wide.
Carmelo Anthony led the Knicks with 29 points while Tim Hardaway Jnr came off the bench to score 17 points and Amare Stoudemire added 16 points for New York.
Case in point: An enormous helium-filled wind turbine will soon float over the city of Fairbanks, Alaska, to produce enough electricity (and WiFi!) for more than a dozen families living off the grid.
CCTV captured the fierce struggle that Miss Harrison put up as she fended off attempts to bundle her into a car in broad daylight on June 20 last year.
CES, which kicks off next week in Las Vegas, is a giant technology trade show that mixes dozens of major tech companies with hundreds of scrappy startups.
Chicago-based Ace Hardware will set up shop near Station 300 in the southwest corner of the commercial development off Buckwalter Parkway.
Chile Rocked Again by Powerful Earthquake A powerful earthquake struck off northern Chile late Wednesday, the U.S. Geological Survey said — prompting an evacuation of the coastal area and raising fears of tsunamis.
Chris de Waal, of the Getaway Farms' Butcher Shop at the Halifax Seaport Farmers' Market, said his shop raised its prices on Tuesday morning after putting it off for months.
Chuck Hagel is simply not responsible for the bulk of this, cut off as he was from most of the real decision-making done in the White House.
Ciminelli said Johnson fired as Pierson caught up to him, both men fell to the ground and Johnson's handgun went off again, slightly wounding a bystander.
Clear Channel is giving listeners across its more than 120 country stations a chance to win their way to Austin when a six-week promotion kicks off next week.
Clearly reading off a paper in front of her, Abdul started telling Castro—again after his first performance—“the second song, I felt like your usual charm, it was missing for me.”
Coastal development plans (Belize) The Mesoamerican Reef and the mangroves off Belize's Caribbean coast bring in about $15 million US a year for the commercial fishery, but they also bring in more than ten times that in tourism.
College revelers are descending in droves on Cocoa Beach and other Florida party hotspots, blowing off classroom steam and consuming copious amounts of alcohol along the oceanfront.
Colonel Krisada Sarika, head of the Royal Thai Army band, was quoted in Thai media as saying Gen. Prayuth Chan-ocha had rattled off the lyrics, in his own handwriting, in about an hour.
"Coming off one of the stronger fall seasons, of course we were expecting to take home a bunch of medals, lots of hardware," Kip Carpenter, a coach of the US speedskating team, tells the Journal.
Companies are holding off spending on big ticket items, worried that the conflict in eastern Ukraine could seriously damage Europe's trade with Russia.
Concept car heralds new Mazda MX-5 Global Cup races At the SEMA automotive show, Mazda announced a global series of races for its new MX-5 Miata roadster, showing off a concept that will lead to a spec car.
Confess, get it off your chest, and we’ll share our favourites.
Conservationists adopted the same method to win the elephants off the drug as is used with humans because until then they had no experience in treating elephant drug addiction.
Contact Bob McClay by: PHOENIX -- If you're looking to work off some of the calories that you've taken in this holiday season, a Valley shopping center is offering a cheap way to do it.
Content preferences Done Attorney Stephen Stubbs said his client, 29-year-old Ryan Chesley, was on Interstate 15 in Las Vegas at about 9:30 p.m. Tuesday when a taxi cut him off and he went down.
Content preferences Done AUGUSTA, Maine (AP) — A Maine man who bit off a portion of another man's ear during a fight has been acquitted of assault charges.
Content preferences Done BEIJING (AP) — China's government plans to take 5 million older, polluting vehicles off the road this year in an effort to revive stalled progress toward cleaning up smog-choked cities.
Content preferences Done DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. (AP) — The South Carolina woman accused of trying to kill her three children by driving her minivan into the Atlantic Ocean off Daytona Beach wants to see them.
Content preferences Done ELYRIA, Ohio (AP) — A favorite — and locally famous — cafeteria treat is off the menu forever in one northeast Ohio school system because of new federal nutritional guidelines.
Content preferences Done KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — Malaysia's leader says a Chinese tourist and a Filipino worker have been rescued nearly two months after they were abducted from a resort off Borneo island.
Content preferences Done LAKEWOOD, Colo. (AP) — A woman stranded in her car for up to a week after crashing off a Colorado highway says thinking about her four children helped her survive.
Content preferences Done MOSCOW (AP) — Shares in European airlines fell Tuesday on a report that Russia is considering cutting off the country's airspace for European flights to Asia, a move that would force long and costly detours.
Content preferences Done SAN JUAN, Puerto Rico (AP) — A spokesman for the U.S. Coast says 6 people have been rescued from a sailboat that foundered in rough seas off in the U.S. Virgin Islands.
Continue reading the main story I grab a bottle of the Mosel white, rub off the dust and hold it to the light wondering if this had been touched by Hitler's henchman.
Cooling off in the dog days of summer July 5, 2012 -- Updated 1649 GMT (0049 HKT) When it's 100 degrees outside or worse, how's a fur-covered pup to cope?
Cool the person off with water, such as by spraying or sponging him or her.
Cop took a couple steps forward then backwards and the gun went off 2 more times.
Councilman Gary Sherwood suggested last week that the city consider blocking off a road to make it more difficult to access those lots during arena events.
Craig Mitchelldyer Craig Mitchelldyer-USA TODAY Sports 14. Spurs SG Marco Belinelli: The three-point contest champion has a pure stroke from deep and can create off the dribble when necessary.
Creating Funtasy Island December 4, 2014 -- Updated 0439 GMT (1239 HKT) An development off the coast of Singapore is set to be the world's largest eco-resort.
Criticism over prostitution comments 23 SEPTEMBER 2013, NORTHERN IRELAND Ford launches prostitution inquiry 05 SEPTEMBER 2013, NORTHERN IRELAND Plans to change prostitution laws 21 AUGUST 2012, NORTHERN IRELAND Time to turn off the red light?
Critics of the deal have also said the league, with annual revenues approaching $10 billion, was getting off lightly.
CROSS LANES, W.Va. (WSAZ) -- The Kanawha County Sheriff's Office says a woman was caught on camera stealing presents and a wreath off a front porch in Cross Lanes.
Darden announced plans on December 19 to spin off or sell its 705-restaurant Red Lobster chain.
David Banks, USA TODAY Sports April 2: Tigers' Ian Kinsler is swarmed by teammates after hitting a walk off single in the tenth inning against the Royals.
“David has been a fantastic member of our organization, both on and off the field, for the past five years,” Sounders owner and general manager Adrian Hanauer said in the club release.
Deadmau5 kicks off the concerts on Monday night, followed by headline sets from pop names like Pharrell Williams, Calvin Harris, The Script and Ed Sheeran.
Dekker can beat opponents off the dribble, as he did on a pretty diagonal drive through the lane that ended with a hesitation move and three-point play during the start of the 20-0 run.
• DeMarcus Cousins had 25 points and 10 rebounds and former Husky Isaiah Thomas added 23 points as the host Sacramento Kings held off the Toronto Raptors in the fourth quarter for a 109-101 victory.
Derrick Mitchell, who began as Normandy’s principal last year, said that he’s intent on providing a space for his students that’s walled off from the chaos outside.
Despite controversy ahead of the event over Russia's intervention in Ukraine and its anti-gay policies, the event went off largely without a hitch.
Dina Wood “People don’t come clean off their car.
Dish of the Week: Ice cream Where: Dairy Godmother, Dolcezza, Ice Cream Jubilee, Larry's, Moorenko's, Pitango, Thomas Sweet There are all sorts of ways cool off in the summer heat, but none of them is quite as joyful as eating a scoop of ice cream.
Disturbing details are emerging about what happened to fisherman Philip Boudreau off the coast of Petit-de-Grat in Cape Breton.
Done By Kathryn Doyle NEW YORK (Reuters Health) - Fixing up your single friends this Valentine's Day might pay off for them, and it could make you happier too, according to a new group of studies.
Done View gallery AMSTERDAM (AP) — Oil companies' rush to find reserves off Alaska's Arctic shores suffered a setback on Thursday after Shell said it would suspend its operations in the region — and possibly withdraw for good.
Done View gallery LAGUNA BEACH, Calif. (AP) — More than 50 sperm whales emerged off the Southern California coast in an extremely rare, hours-long sighting that had whale watchers and scientists giddy with excitement.
Dotted with aging hotels, Shirahama Beach has a seaside resort vibe that takes off in the summer, with street vendors and nightly fireworks.
Dow futures were off 0.1 percent at 16,917 and S&P 500 futures dropped 0.2 percent to 1,946.60.
Dow in Triple-Digit Climb on Strong Retail Sales, Citi Earnings By Kate Gibson, CNBC Stocks took off on Monday, with the Dow taking a triple-digit leap after a report that March retail sales jumped their highest in 18 months.
Drafting Benjamin would be a roll of the dice, but one that may pay off several times over.
DRC liked to play off a little more and let me be physical.
Dug a hole directly under the tree and put in the dynamite and set it off and the tree just sorta moved up and down an inch and remained standing.
Dunn was offered vouchers to be bumped off two consecutive Delta Air Lines flights leaving him the entire night free until the next available flight at 6 a.m. “I thought, well I don’t have enough time to go to a hotel so what do I do?
Dustin Ackley, who just converted to outfield last season, will vie for time in left field with Logan Morrison, who is coming off two knee surgeries in 13 months.
Each of the countries, officials said, had been contacted in an effort to cut off access for the hackers.
Each year, car companies do a little peacock strut, showing off their design skills to each other and the auto-show tribes.
Earlier Indian media had reported the accident took place some 25 kilometres (15 miles) off the coast of Port Blair.
Ebola case highlights work of NYC disease sleuths By COLLEEN LONG 15 hours ago NEW YORK (AP) — New York City's disease detectives were off and running the moment the call came in from a doctor who suspected he had Ebola.
ECB policymakers remain under pressure either to cut interest rates again or use additional unconventional measures to fend off the threat of ultra-low inflation turning into something more damaging.
Educators can choose to lock all of the phones in the school, allow only emergency calls, allow only phone calls, allow calls and SMS, or turn off specific apps.
Eich's appointment touched off calls for a boycott of Mozilla products spearheaded by Mozilla Firefox developer Hampton Catlin and his husband Michael.
Eight of the 16 teams sitting in playoff position replaced either their top basketball executive or their head coach this offseason, with the Phoenix Suns pulling off switching both.
Eisener said the eldest child living in the home would sometimes shovel snow off her steps.
Emelin and his defence partner Andrei Markov were given a day off as the Canadiens held a short practice at their suburban training centre at the same time the Lightning skated at the Bell Centre.
Employees were told to turn off their mobile devices after receiving the message, Variety said, citing Sony insiders it did not name.
End of era for Sears without Lands' End These low rates are still significantly up off the record low set in May 2013, when the 30-year hit a rock-bottom 3.35%.
Energy German court kicks off insolvency proceedings for wind park group Prokon Three months after German wind park group Prokon filed for bankruptcy, a district court has announced the official start of insolvency proceedings.
Ercanbrack offers a great tip for getting details off a worn headstone: Shine a flashlight directly above the headstone to cast a shadow on engravings -- you can then take a picture of the shadow.
EU Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Representative Federica Mogherini said a meeting of national ministers on Monday would consider the blacklisting while putting off a discussion of tougher economic measures until next month’s summit of leaders.
European trading got off to a tepid start, with Britain's FTSE 100 little changed at 6,798.49.
Even if you don't have a lot of expendable funds, plan a week off and think of new ways to expand your horizons (i.e. take a hike, go to meetups, do something out of your comfort zone).
Even the dead must obey: Muslim bodies are buried behind an old warehouse because the traditional Muslim cemetery is now off limits.
Events kicked off with what is known as the Grand Entry, when hundreds of dancers in the competitions this weekend flood into the centre in full regalia.
Eventually, he should be able to pull off a shift to a 3-4 OLB spot, even if it takes him a little while to round out his game and pack on some pounds.
“Everybody learned a lesson after the 9/11 hijackings,” in which some of the terrorists turned off the transponders that signal a plane’s location, said Peter Goelz, a former managing director of the National Transportation Safety Board.
Every year the wild ponies are rounded up on the national wildlife refuge to be auctioned off by the Chincoteague Volunteer Fire Company.
Experts say lighter crudes, which contain more natural gas, have a much lower "flash point" — the temperature at which vapors given off by the oil can ignite.
Facing the ravages of dementia, Bennett made her way to a favoured spot near her home on Bowen Island, just off the coast near Vancouver, and took a lethal dose of barbiturates.
Federal officials have said they oppose a travel ban, saying cutting off those countries could destabilize governments and make it harder to combat the disease’s spread.
Feds launch civil right investigation Pantaleo may not stand trial in Garner's death, but he's not off the hook.
Finally, dust off and update your business plan, and start networking with other VCs in case you need to find new investors.
Financial companies that administer 401(k) plans misled GAO investigators posing as departing employees, telling them they would almost always be better off if they shifted to IRAs that the companies also managed.
Firefighters will kick off Saturday's meeting with a lesson on current CPR procedure.
First, planes taking off from there can reach the search area faster.
First though, Kelly and Kornienko have had to be prepare to spend a year off the planet.
Fisheries No sign of missing sailors from South Korea boat lost in Arctic Hope is fading in the search for 52 fishermen, missing after their South Korean boat sunk in freezing Arctic waters off Russia.
Fisher said offensive tackle Jake Long, also coming off knee surgery, would be held out Friday.
Five student leaders, in their early twenties and dressed in T-shirts bearing the slogan "Freedom Now'', faced off against five suited senior government officials in tense talks at a medical college campus Tuesday night.
Florida fireworks Still a tropical storm Wednesday afternoon, Arthur was slowly creeping north off Florida's northern Atlantic coast, dumping rain there, the weather service said.
Following an October shipwreck in which 366 Eritrean migrants drowned off the Italian island of Lampedusa, Italy launched a special operation combining ships, helicopters and drones to monitor the Mediterranean Sea.
Following this, as everyone catches their breath and I top off my fruity umbrella drink, we get a review of what went down on last night's show (missed it?
FOOTBALL: Inter-zone round in daCosta Cup kicks off today The inter-zone round of the 2014 rural-area ISSA/LIME daCosta Cup starts today with 16 matches.
For better or worse, though, Jordan is a huge factor — he’ll continue to play significant minutes, and whether the Clippers can find ways to better use and play off of Jordan more effectively could well determine their playoff fate.
Ford polished off his week by twice sacking Virginia Tech’s Logan Thomas in the first half and Chris Davis had an interception.
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop designated the Islamic State's stronghold of Raqqa province in Syria off limits as part of a push to combat what the government says is growing radicalization among young Australian Muslims.
For instance, hundreds of people might tweet about getting off a United Airlines flight, but none of those people are interacting, Smith said.
For instance, in Liar's Poker, Michael Lewis describes his job as basically being the ripping off of fools.
For instance, Vancouver's BC Place has a curtain system that blocks off the upper deck, reducing capacity from 54,000 to 21,000.
For many Americans, problems with the government’s main health care website carry a bigger risk than frequent crashes, as higher premiums could follow if technical troubles scare off young customers crucial to the overhaul’s insurance coverage expansions.
Former Gov. Ben Cayetano, once a close ally of Abercrombie, says “Neil went off the deep end with developers.
'For one series we were able to get the monkey off our back.
For that, I certainly don't think she should be kicked off of the US Women's soccer team.
For Trooper Joe Leibrecht, getting impaired drivers off the road is personal.
Founder John Harris, who has taught thousands of students to take off from Jockey's Ridge dune, celebrates 40 years in business this year.
Four jobs later, I was off and running for CNN.
Fourth off you can't blame me for what the whole country does.
French manufacturing output decreased after midweek public holidays increased potential days off The crisis in Ukraine may also have had an impact on economic confidence in the country, he said.
Fresh off a decision by Seattle's city council last month to raise its hourly minimum wage to $15, L.A. lawmakers say the city's booming tourism should translate to higher wages for hotel workers.
George got free at the top of the key for another attempt from 3, but his shot bounced off the back of the rim and was grabbed by Oladipo, who was fouled.
George Osborne kicks off by talking about the government's achievements including "a deficit half what we inherited".
Germany prepare to battle final World Cup test against Armenia Germany head for Brazil at the weekend after a difficult final few weeks of preparation - on and off the pitch.
Gills striker Cody McDonald is stretchered off against MK Dons.
Gionta shoveled in a loose puck at 4:46 off a point shot, after Plekanec and Briere had a crack at it first.
Give me a sedagive 5pts OOPS, I was just cleaning my gun and it went off and shot him six times in the head, so sorry accidents happen.
Given Fairfield’s assets — two exits off Interstate 95, Kennebec Valley Community College, a scenic stretch of the Kennebec River and an easily identifiable downtown — the lack of success was particularly discouraging.
Given today's stock and bond valuations and the fact that interest rates are bound to rise, "there's nothing wrong with pulling 10% off the table and sitting in cash," says James Stack, a market historian and editor of the InvesTech Research newsletter.
Go home, Billy, you’re drunk off American tea.
"Google keeps the patents and the research group, and they keep partners off their back, while Lenovo gets what they need to get into the US smartphone market."
Gordon led off the fourth with a single.
Gregory Bull, AP Alex Rodriguez connects for a single off Baltimore Orioles pitcher Sidney Ponson in at Camden Yards in Baltimore.
Griesa, who has overseen the litigation in New York for years, put off a decision on whether to impose sanctions on the South American country, which defaulted in July for the second time in 12 years after failing to reach a deal with the hedge funds.
Hafeez dominated the bowlers on the first day with his crisp cuts, pulls and drives, and on the verge of reaching 200 on Friday he pulled legspinner Sodhi and was out at deep midwicket off a top edge.
Hamlin finished 0.236 seconds behind Huefner in the race for silver, but held off Canada's Alex Gough by 0.433 seconds for the final spot on the podium.
Hare, who came off the bench the previous week to lead a 23-15 win over Northwestern, threw TD passes of 12 yards to Keith Harris and 10 yards to Juwa Brescacin.
Hartwig said he understands how Bailey feels and knows some people think Rapraeger got off easy, but he said his office weighed the evidence in the case very carefully and concluded the plea was a fair outcome.
Haru the owl when he was a baby Haru slept in a baby's cot at first, but when he got bigger Natasha would often find him hanging off ceiling lights and rolling around the house on her partner's gym ball.
Having already starred for Los Cafeteros at the Toulon Youth Tournament, then the South American championships, the importance of the U20 World Cup to Colombia was off the scale.
Having two inside linebackers who never have to come off the field is a tremendous asset, and defensive coordinator Todd Bowles used Dansby and Washington in a variety of ways.
He also happens to stand two inches taller than the 5-foot-5 Maradona, whose gigantic personality made him seem a more imposing figure on and off the field.
He also served strongly, hitting four aces in a row to win one game in the first set and fighting off the only break point he faced.
He and Jake Perron of Falmouth led off their 400 free relays with a neck-and-neck battle that produced, after conversion from meters to yards, two of the three fastest 100 free times in the state this winter.
He appeared to have lost his duel with eBay earlier this year after he withdrew his call for the e-commerce giant to spin off PayPal.
He argues that Labour's best electoral chance is to "shift the focus off Miliband and even away from Labour" and instead concentrate on "what the country would look like under another Tory-led government.
He asked the hotel to turn off the pool’s pump and pulled Deboch’s body from the center of the deep end.
He clattered five steps up from the bottom, high enough to hack off the last two strands of the net with NCAA-issued scissors (truth), and then waved the net at the Connecticut fans before cupping his left hand to his ear in search of more noise.
"He got off the boat with a very bushy beard," Jack Niedenthal, a filmmaker based on Majuro, told Reuters by telephone.
He grabbed his 10th rebound of the game just before the third-quarter buzzer, and his teammates leaped off the bench and cheered his achievement.
He had promised to read off the list of his donors on camera while he made his first potato salad.
"He had that balance whereby he was someone who excelled at the game but he was also settled off the course because he had a wife and family," added Jacklin who is the official ambassador for this week's Farmfoods British Par 3 Championship (www.
He hosted "America's Funniest Home Videos" and showed off his R-rated sense of humor in 2005's "The Aristocrats."
He is a dangerous individual, and we'd like to get him off the streets," Detective Sean Mocaby told News 3.. Police say Harris has moved between Herrin and Murphysboro lately, and he's likely armed with a stolen gun.
He is coming off a triumphant season in Japan, where he helped the Rakuten Eagles clinch the national championship, finishing the year with a flawless 24-0 record and a 1.27 earned run average.
He just couldn't find any accuracy off the tee.
He offered to clean it up himself; the crew offered to escort him off the plane.
Her apology was going so well that she was able to laugh it off in the end.
Here are five facts about the Alberta First Nation: 1. In Treaty 8 territory The ACFN has about 1,200 members, with more than half living off the reserve.
Here are some fun facts to get you started: The host country, Brazil, will kick off the action against Croatia at 4 p.m. ET Thursday in Sao Paulo.
He rehabbed slowly for two months, opted to put off surgery and played through pain for eight games, showing flashes of his skills.
Her lighter hair ends play off the colors in her crop top outfit, and smokey eye makeup gives Dobrev's look some edge.
He rolled on the ground afterward, then cried in apparent pain while being taken off the field on a stretcher.
He said all its communications equipment appeared to have been switched off or destroyed, and the vessel can't be detected by satellite.
He said five died in a gunfight with Afghan security forces who surrounded them and the sixth set off a device in a car, clearing the way for the others as the attack began.
He said he felt his career in Minnesota "had run its course" for a variety of reasons and a change of scenery will help, though probably not as much as tackling his demons off the field before trying to tackle opponents on it.
He said improvements to Iron Dome have allowed it to hold off on a ground operation while the home front was protected.
He said it took the same amount of time to learn how to pull off the "flat ground 360 tire tap" in which he spins the bike around as it remains balanced on its rear tire.
He said that this first version of the craft had a conventional approach to landing, using parachutes to splash down off the California coast.
“ He said there wouldn't be so many frozen pipes if people took precautions like lagging exposed pipes with insulation, turning off water in pipes that are not used in winter, or keeping the heat going in garages, especially if they are away.
He said troops quickly cordoned off the area and ordered residents to go back inside their homes.
He says the aircraft had just taken off from Quartz Lake when its engine failed.
He says they didn’t try to exclude people from off the reserve, but in hindsight he knows the organizers could have done a better job.
He's been mistaken for Tiger Woods' ball-boy, but that won't be the case when amateur star Matt Fitzpatrick tees off at the Masters.
He/she can then help point you in the right direction and can introduce you to other attendees to get you off on the right foot.
He's longer than average off the tee and ranks T42 in scoring average before the cut.
He's not just some green kid off the street who was saying, 'I'm the next champ.'
He's still singing and, needless to say, still regularly taking his top off for selfies on Twitter.
He still proudly shows off the photo of him meeting his first foreigner, a Dutch merchant with a long-forgotten name.
"He (the captain) may have been off the bridge.
He then fell off a pedalo boat in an alcohol-fuelled incident at the 2007 World Cup in the Caribbean.
He then set off on an eight-minute drunken journey where he narrowly missed one vehicle, struck two cars, ramming one several times, before demolishing a fence.
He tripled the 480-yard seventh after hitting iron off the tee into a gorse bush on the right.
"He ventured off the highway a little bit, found the vehicle, and walked down to it," the firefighter said.
He was lifting the lid off with his nose, trying to peek in. We saw he had a little tag on his ear," said Sanders.
He was removed by the military, kicking off a cycle of political instability in Thailand.
He was struck by a vehicle that took off following a confrontation around 2 a.m. on Christmas on Quebec Street, in Oshawa, Ont. Witnesses reported seeing passengers of a dark SUV and a group of pedestrians get into an altercation.
He was the first to go, giving Zimbabwe some relief after miscuing a shot off Raza.
HIDE CAPTION Wisconsin governor's race Republicans also continued their dominance of governors' mansions when a number of GOP leaders fought off stiff challenges from Democrats.
His body was never found and name was only added to the Thievpal Memorial to the Missing in 2013 His ingenuity paid off in grand style, even though it has taken nearly a century for his achievement to be fully recognised.
His case, and the fact he was out and about in the city in the period before his symptoms emerged, set off renewed worries in the United States about the spread of the disease, which has killed thousands of people in West Africa.
His return to form kicked off at the Australian Open last year, when he narrowly edged Scott for his first tournament win of 2013.
Hoffner was pulled off the practice field in August 2012 and suspended by the school after an employee discovered three short videos of his naked or partially clothed children.
Home Gravesend Sport Article Ebbsfleet United 2 Concord Rangers 0 match report Goals from Daryl McMahon and Charlie Sheringham got Ebbsfleet's season off to a winning start on Tuesday night.
Honduras' captain Noel Valladares, right, scores an own goal after a shot by France's Karim Benzema hits the post and rebounds off the goalkeeper and over the line.
Hossa's 17th goal came during a 5-on-3 advantage in Chicago's dominant second period, and just 29 seconds after teammate Patrick Kane inadvertently bounced a pass off the boards and into an empty net during a delayed penalty call.
Houlton, a 27-year-old teacher in Mexico, said he managed to sleep through the slide and didn't learn until later that the plane had skidded off course.
However, he said the gas had since been shut off so was no longer a worry.
However, if the walls of the pipes are thick enough, it is no easy task to siphon off the materials.
However, I might have done much better at writing had I not earlier tried to go off medication.
However, Muriel thumped a beautiful finish in off the post to delight the majority of the hardy crowd, who braved the torrid conditions to see the home side keep their season alive.
However, Ridgeway is happy that the board is considering taking some of the burden off of teachers with scaling back standardized testing and by allowing teachers to raise a defense on poor student scores.
However, there were no such slip-ups on the grass courts of Birmingham in this Wimbledon warm-up event as Stosur started off with a 6-1, 6-3 victory over the US’ Christina McHale.
However, tourism officials will kick off the week with a 50th anniversary church service.
How rude of him to be in such a hospitable town, where we are helping him by providing a place to film his project where he will make millions off of it, and be rude to the people and expect them to support him by watching the movie.
How to ride: This one will be the hardest to check off the list: Lloyd's lifts are only open to employees and official visitors and security is tight.
Humane Society workers sedated nearly 56 dogs to shave off matted hair.
Hurricane Amanda strengthens in Pacific, still no threat AP 3:06 p.m. EDT May 27, 2014 Hurricane Amanda is located far off the west coast of Mexico and poses no threat to land.
Ian Kinsler hit a solo homer in the third, and the Tigers added two more runs in the eighth off Kyle Gibson (13-12).
"I believe up until 10 minutes, the effectiveness is still in the 50 per cent rate area and then it falls off quite quickly after that.
I can't say I've ever seen a company so hell-bent on cutting off its nose to spite its face.
I carefully measured and marked the hole required, and took the door off its hinges to cut the hole - but once the door was on the bench, I couldn't find the markings.
"I continue to be much more concerned when it comes to our security with the prospect of a nuclear weapon going off in Manhattan," Obama told reporters after this year's Nuclear Security Summit in the Netherlands.
"I couldn't ask anything more from Marcos and his commitment on and off of the track to our race team and our partners.
"I'd always thought it was kind of a shame when you got off your plane you wouldn't know if you're in Nashville or Cleveland," Hall said.
Identity: Year of the personal essay December 23, 2013 -- Updated 1330 GMT (2130 HKT) iReporters got personal in 2013 with essays on parenting, gun control and more, setting off impassioned debate on CNN.com and beyond.
I'd like to believe the look on my face as we appeared to take off on a Harley-Davidson in a crowded auction house was not just pure mouth-opening shock.
"I don't know if the Netflixes of the world would do that in terms of pissing off their customers," McKairnes said.
“I don’t think you can get any hotter than this,” Blue Jays Manager John Gibbons said Wednesday night after Encarnacion led Toronto to a 6-4 victory by hitting two homers off Buchholz – his second straight multi-homer game.
I entertain a lot, so plenty of off street parking was high on the list.
If Congress is making all our local laws, then maybe we colonists should just sit home and turn off our brains.
“If e-cigarettes were regulated so that they became a way to get people off cigarettes, we would lead the cheer.
I felt like, maybe she was helping- maybe she was pacifying me to get me off the phone.
If she would have blew me off and left the dog outside to bark what would I do?
If so he should pay the full mortgage off and give her whatever the equity is.
If the Boilermakers lose at home to Western Michigan, fine — sell! 10. The key to Penn State’s game against UCF in Dublin (reminder: it kicks off at 7:30 a.m.) could be the crowd.
If the landowner isn’t interested, they are crossed off the list of potential suitors and are not contacted again.
If the person buys anything else, the store turns a profit off the coupon.
If there’s an emergency, the child will always be able to call 911. It’s a feature that no developer can take off the phone,” Standifird said.
If they are given time off to watch a game during the day, they would most likely be willing to stay a little later Hlinka argued.
If they enjoy it and play in a relaxed way, and we hold them off and stop them from scoring, anything can happen.
If you choose oral sex, you're still given the option to check off traditional missionary as your position, which does not really apply.
"If you completely knock out an adult tooth (root and crown) - handle the tooth by the crown part - gently rinse it off and replant it immediately - do not scrub it," Keels said.
If you do all that within a couple of seconds, you'll find yourself facing the same app the user had open when the iPhone's screen was powered off — without having to type in the passcode.
"If your door got blown in or your window or the roof partially blown off or something happens in your house and you need it done and it's a small thing, a few hours or a day’s work, you'll have to wait sometimes around here."
If your download speed is significantly slower than what's promised, start off giving them heck about that.
If you're looking just for the lowest price, Best Buy wins with its doorbuster, which is $100 off any version (16GB, 64GB, or 128GB), though you'll have to be at a store during dinner time on Thanksgiving to grab one.
"If you slip off that edge, you'll take a gulp of water and it's hard to make it back unless you're a strong swimmer."
“I got McDonalds and I threw a McChicken at her lawn because I got pissed off because her mom was behind me as I was trying to talk to her,” Hensz explained.
I got on an airplane at midnight, a red eye, got off the airplane, went straight to his house and banged on the door.
“I had a tattoo exactly like that on my thumb, too, but little did I know that the thumb regenerates its skin so fast that it wiped off after a few months,” he tells me.
"I have been messing about here and there with putters, and pulled this one out, got the cobwebs off it," he said.
"I hit a couple batters, balls were really tailing off late in the zone, which speaks to how many balls they put into play hard, not many, which is good.
"I just wanted off this Earth."
"I'm grateful to Mr. Abe for his policies to improve child care, but putting off the tax increase, well, they say the pension system is on the verge of bankruptcy.
I’m learning how to take care of my body a little bit more, preparing myself, like I’ve been preparing for this a couple of weeks ago, and just trying to really eat right and get rest, get off of my feet.’
"I'm not doubting the part of her tweet that she learned about it when she got off the plane," Vitale said.
I must tell you that if the Dems don't get off their duff and vote this November it'll be game over not only for the President but for the country by extension.
In 1908, Canada fended off avalanches much the same as it does now: By firing artillery shells at snow.
In 1940, during World War II, Germany dropped incendiary bombs on London, setting off what came to be known as "The Second Great Fire of London."
In 1956, the Italian liner Andrea Doria collided with the Swedish passenger ship Stockholm off the New England coast late at night and began sinking; at least 51 people were killed.
In 1995-96, China fired missiles, conducted military exercises off the Taiwanese coast, and tried to influence its internal politics, further alienating Taiwanese people.
In 2002, there weren't people talking about pressure cookers as WMDs Jack Holland, University of Surrey "At the bottom, it is simply a statute that makes it a felony to set off bombs in public places, which certainly applies in this case.
In 2011, Ma spun off Alibaba’s payment service, Alipay, into a company he controlled.
In 2011, two cars on a BART train came off the tracks near the Concord station.
In 2013, when we tried to confront Taylor, he left a buddy behind and sped off in his van.
In a 41-38 upset on Saturday, Texas A&M pulled off some of the late-game magic that the third-ranked Tigers have made their trademark.
"In all likelihood, single-family permits will also shake off their torpor, as inventories remain low and household formation continues to generate demand for housing," said Guy Berger, an economist at RBS in Stamford, Connecticut.
In another eastern town, Zaporizhzhya, Interfax news agency said 3,000 pro-European supporters turned out in a unity rally and faced off with several hundred pro-Moscow supporters, many of them waving the Russian flag.
In a November 19 interview with PBS’s Charlie Rose, Hagel had shrugged off the possibility that Obama would reshuffle his national security team.
In a recorded statement, Jackson told Chicago police he’d knocked Edward unconscious in a confrontation on a city street early in the morning of July 23. Jackson put him in the car and drove south of the city, dumping him off a side road.
In a report that has both good and bad news for the American workforce, February payrolls appeared to shake off analysts' cold-weather concerns, adding a solid 175,000 jobs and revising job counts for the prior two months up by a total of 25,000.
In a survey released earlier this month, Hay Group found that 10 of the 25 U.S. retailers it polled plan to hire 5% to 25% fewer seasonal workers this year—and more than half plan to lay off workers.
In December, the ASPCA laid off most of its 17 remaining law enforcement agents.
In his complaint, received by the WVPSC on October 21, 2014, Pridemore said his water goes off at least once a month even though he pays his bill on time.
In his first two games back, though, St. Louis (200 yards) and Tampa Bay (205) rushed for a combined 405 yards in almost pulling off upsets of the heavily favored Seahawks.
In his last election, in 2010, McCain fought off a vocal primary challenge from conservative former House Republican and radio host J.D. Hayworth.
In March, 32-year-old Ebony Wilkerson of North Charleston, South Carolina, drove her van into the surf off Daytona Beach.
In one case, the manager of a supermarket in London decided to take all the kosher food off the shelves.
In other words, how do we make sense of Google Glass, the networked eyeglasses/computer that allows its wearer to check email, get directions, take photos and video, all while never taking his or her eyes off the world?
In rare instances, the justices will put off decisions and order a case to be argued again in the next term. This is also the time of the year when a justice could announce a retirement.
Instead, the Mariners had to settle for the two runs they scored in the first five innings off Oakland starter Jesse Chavez, and they never scored again.
In terms of the accommodations, it’s impossible not to feel that the national sporting press comes off as slightly whiny.
In that game, Davis homered in his first three at-bats (two solo shots off Carlos Villanueva and a two-run homer off Steve Delabar), but struck out against Brad Lincoln in his fourth trip.
In that period, the program was interrupted several times due to a lack of funding, resulting in 23 months between 2004 and 2011 when there was no shark fishing off Recife.
In the comic's storyline an incapacitated Steve Rogers, the original Captain America, will hand off the role to his longtime friend and superhero partner the Falcon, real name Sam Wilson, to take over in the patriotic costume and iconic circular shield.
In the end, England held off Bosnia for a 5-4 victory while Germany nipped Canada, by the same 5-4 score.
In the evening, rock duo White Mystery will play all Bowie covers at the MCA starting at 6 p.m. You can also grab something to eat off the new Bowie-themed menu at Puck’s Café.
In the final ascent, he skidded off the wet road and fumbled — with help from a fan — to repair what seemed to be a problem with his bike.
In the first week of 2014, Logan had checked off 165 species out of the 640 or so birds possible to look for in California, including those rare wanderers from other parts of the country or the world that occasionally make an appearance.
In the kitchen, check for leaky faucets, clean dust off the coils on your fridge, and consider air-drying dishes instead of letting the dishwasher do it.
In the past few years, security has been stepped up even more, with the grand stone wall along Wellington Street extended to close off some entrances and retractable bollards — essentially big concrete cylinders — installed to control the remaining ones.
In the past year, with the economic crisis, Barefoot says, many applicants had been laid off and were embarrassed to come out and say so.
In the second incident, around 12:30am on Tuesday 7th January 2014, the victim had just arrived at his residence located at Red Sea Drive off Soldier Road, when three men armed with a knife robbed him of a gold chain and a cell phone.
In the second inning, Kyle Seager led off with a single to right and Logan Morrison’s one-out single moved him to third base.
In this rare moment, the calf stood alone after he had wandered off a few steps, but shortly thereafter his mother, 5-year-old sister Khosi (koh-see), and 2-year-old brother Ingadze (in-Gahd-zee) rushed over to tend to the unnamed calf.
In this Tuesday, July 15, 2014 photo, people pass by the damaged Bab al-Tob police station in centra … Decentralization has failed to take off in the past.
In upstate New York, the Niagara Falls Community Development Department hopes to draw residents back by auctioning off vacant city-owned houses, some for less than $3,000.
Investigators say what little evidence they have to work with suggests the aeroplane was deliberately diverted thousands of kilometers before eventually crashing into the Indian Ocean off the coast of Western Australia.
Investors also sold off Tokyo shares early in the year as euphoria faded over Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's expansionary economic policies.
In Vyse's view, "we would be better off if no one had ever taught them to us."
I probably come off as a know-it-all at times, or angry, when its really just passion for my team.
"I promised him I'd never be bought off and I'd never quit until I've effected change."
Iraqi army tanks and armored vehicles also fought off an advance by Islamic State militants on the town of Amiriya Fallujah, west of the Iraqi capital Baghdad, army sources said.
Iraqi army tanks and armored vehicles on Wednesday also fought off an advance by Islamic State militants on the town of Amiriya Fallujah, west of the Iraqi capital Baghdad, army sources said.
I smile at her as if to say it is okay, he is not bothering me, and I sit up and dust the sand off my hands in exaggeration as if to say I am ready to play.
“I stuck the drill bit in the fuse hole and, for some reason, I put my arm in a different spot on that one and the friction on the drill bit touched off the powder that had dried out and took my arm off,” he said.
It allocates capital, as you say, but it also encourages investors to gamble, to make more fees off the turnover.
It can impose unlimited fines on PwC, it can demand unlimited costs and it can strike off any individual found to have behaved improperly."
It closes off possibilities instead of opening up new ones.
"It comes off as no surprise for a company whose motto is "Quality Threads & Entertainment".
It drove about 100 meters (330 feet) off the road down a steep slope.
I think I'm improving and hopefully start this year off solid and keep 'er going."
It may be enough to stave off the desire to eat poorly, a new study suggests.
It never came off my finger.
It offers up costume plans the average adult partygoer can pull off with a stretch of Spandex required.
"It only takes about 250 GBP to start off as an amateur beekeeper, which includes the beehive and the basic equipment and tools as well as protective clothing."
It prompted a one-liner from a player before the Badgers got off the bus: “So this is the road to the Final Four.”
It really is like letting the weight off your shoulders and pushing yourself to the limits," she added.
It really never left me, from the Batmania of the late '80s and early '90s to the resurgence of superhero cinema with "X-Men" and "Spider-Man," and I've been a comics collector off and on for decades.
"It's a heck of a thing to bring 25 off the bench as a relief pitcher," Reid said.
It's aimed at boosting the immune system's efforts to fight off Ebola.
"It's a show of military might to scare off Hong Kong people who are about to stage some large-scale civil disobedience activity.
It's based off of a Thomas Pynchon novel that tells a "drug-fueled" detective story in ’70s LA, and the film's first trailer makes the it all look sharp, wild, and pretty funny too.
It's been designed for groups of soccerball fanatics who want to show off their ball-curving prowess without doing the real thing, and seems ideal for late night pub competitions.
It’s certainly a unique enterprise, and it officially kicks off tonight.
It should be a tad bit cooler by the time Brazil v Colombia kicks off at 17:00 local time.
"It's not quite as simple as just hopping in and backing her off from the dock," he said.
It's rare for a pilot to turn off a transponder during flight, but occasionally there is cause.
It’s tempting to think of these ghostly, subtly colored apparitions as Bizarro versions of late-Renaissance marble figures, but they don’t really play off given models: they define a whole new species.
"It's the first time I've ever had a game called off and it's the first time I ever beat the media to the press conference," Saban joked.
It still gives me shivers to think of the hog-killing scene and yesterday I ordered another copy of the book since mine seems to have walked off again.
It's time to take off the training wheels, let them defend their country and turn our attention to our veterans.
It's too ruined to be much explored inside, but the air it gives off is positively thick with ghosts.
It’s using these two top teams to demo the technology, so that other clubs will want to put it in their stadiums during the off season.
"It's very important that when the government does sell off a government asset, it does so through a process that quite clearly demonstrates that nobody selling it, nobody advising it, has a conflict of interest," said Mr Bailey.
It touched off a staggering scandal that pushed figure skating into the mainstream and made the camera-shy Kerrigan the uncomfortable subject of international fascination.
“It was a little disappointing as my rhythm was off right from the get‑go,” said Poulter.
It was all square at the break, but Fin Bartels' delicate lob had to be cleared off the line by Miiko Albornoz to keep it that way at the start of the second half.
It was always a place for people of lower income, or very little means, to go and let off steam," Nicholson said.
It was filmed by three teen-agers in a row-boat off Anderson Island.
It wasn't pretty but they did just enough to see off their spirited Ryman League Premier Division opponents.
"It was painful right after I hit shots and then I sort of walked it off for the next one and it was okay, and then it would be painful again.
"It will be a high speed bike trail for those that want to get off the south hill and hit downtown really fast," East Central Neighborhood Chair Jerry Numbers said.
It won't collect the app lists from people who have previously turned off ad targeting on their phones.
It would also take some of the burden off the U6 line.
I've found they're easier to peel off when I need to use the cam and quick to go back on again when I'm done with it.
"I was going to get squeezed off if I didn't put it on net.
I wish I could say that it bounces right off of me, but part of it sticks.
"I would love to do this at the San Francisco 49ers new stadium," Tornqvist said, going speechless for a moment at the thought of thousands of people trying 'Just Dance Now' at a new high-tech arena where the US football team just kicked off its season.
I wouldn't put it off too long if I were you, either because there are several different things that could be going on here.
Jackson County lost four seniors off last year’s 7-20 team, but at least 30 players in the program — spanning from the sub varsity level to the varsity — could return.
Jakarta's air force base commander, Rear Marshal Dwi Putranto, said an Australian Orion aircraft had detected "suspicious" objects near an island about 100 miles off central Kalimantan.
Jefferson entered the tournament coming off a 67-12 victory over Milton last Wednesday.
Jeff Maggert tees off the 18th hole in the third round of The Players Championship at TPC Sawgrass.
JonathanD 5pts @Jacob4 @Wombat @Arthur @rcsodak Um, isn't the difference that Arthur is the one who started off trying to mock someone's religious belief in an article where that was a distant tangent at most?
Judge Steven Rhodes signed off on the agreement on Friday to pay $85 million to UBS and Bank of America.
Just 55 miles off the coast of Florida, Grand Lucayan, Bahamas offers some of the finest amenities in the Caribbean.
"Just a buddy and I were bouncing ideas off each other and sort of said, 'Hey, why don't we start a club.'
Just a few days ago, Tehran's hardliners accused Rouhani of cutting off aid to Hezbollah and Hamas since coming to power a year ago.
Just be sure to clear off before time on the game clock runs out.
Justin was reportedly smuggled out of a brothel in Brazil during some time off from his tour in the country.
@kangaroo The pictures were stolen off the gals' computers then posted online by the tech.
Karen Escutia and Jonathan Hernandez told 3TV they accidentally wandered off the trail after the sun went down and became lost.
KCC said the vast majority of people were in favour of switching off street lamps to save money and energy.
Keira Knightley's has grazed past her shoulders, but in 2004 she chopped it off into a pixie for the movie "Domino."
Kendrick: I think my favorite was this white swing dress that shows off your shoulders and has this beautiful embellished collar.
Kids roamed in packs, and adults drank in pairs, talking and wiping barbecue sauce off their fingers.
KNICKS 101, CELTICS 95 In Boston, Carmelo Anthony and Amar’e Stoudemire scored 22 and 20 points respectively as the Knicks held off a late charge to subdue the Celtics and end a 10-game slide.
Kruse returned to action following the length injury lay off in October with Leverkusen, but has been used infrequently since.
Labour hoped devolution would kill off Scottish nationalism for good.
Lach says these days, smuggling efforts are more likely to involve someone trying to transport a baby monkey or pass off a serval -- an African wild cat -- as a domestic cat.
Landslides and flooding devastated rural communities and cut off roads throughout the region.
Langer, however, dominated a mainly sunny day at Fox Chapel where his only cause of concern was a broken driver after he had teed off at the par-five last.
Last month, the EU outlined its toughest Russian sanctions yet and published a law that would curb arms sales to Russia and to cut off financing for five major Russian banks over Moscow's support for rebels in Ukraine.
Last week, China dispatched a spy ship to international waters off Hawaii, close to where RIMPAC was being carried out, in a reminder that relations remain fraught between the Asian giant and Western superpower.
Last week, etalk host Tanya Kim and The Movie Network personality Teri Hart were laid off as part of the first round of job losses.
Last year, another Carnival ship and a Disney ship picked up 21 people of uncertain nationality who were stranded on a raft off the coast of Key West.
Last year musher Brent Sass was racing for first place when he fell asleep on the trail, fell off his sled and suffered a concussion, resulting in his withdrawal from the race.
Laura Kirkpatrick was told her 18-month-old daughter Kaley had to take off her shoes to use the Theodore Tugboat play area.
Lawmakers looking ahead to the November elections are putting renewed focus on education, tackling issues on Capitol Hill this week ranging from expanding charter schools to paying off student loan debt.
Leon Panetta was Defense Secretary when the U.S. walked off the Iraqi stage in 2011.
Less than half of millennials are saving for retirement, and 81 percent of those not currently saving say that they need to pay off their debts before they can begin to do so.
Letang's been taken off blood-thinner medication, but his condition will be monitored.
Lethal injection explained July 25, 2014 -- Updated 2246 GMT (0646 HKT) As manufacturers cut off supplies of lethal injection drugs, states look for new drug combinations for executions.
Let me get my grandbaby off my couch.'
Leury Bonilla had both of Tacoma’s hits, getting a single off Bolsinger in the third and adding a double in the eighth.
Lewis, 26, of Southbridge, spent six weeks on the run after snipping off the GPS monitoring device when he was arraigned in August on charges that included statutory rape of a child.
LG showed off a full HD OLED TV last year and an Ultra HD OLED TV this year with no plan to back down any time soon.
Lights across Britain were switched off for an hour in a tribute to the dead of World War I, inspired by the prophetic observation of Britain's foreign minister on the eve of war 100 years ago.
Li got off to the best possible start, going 1-0 up on the Cibulkova serve when the Slovak gifted her the game with a double-fault.
Like Donald Sterling he'd be better off keeping his mouth shut.
Lipscomb, who was born in Edmonton, competed for Canada in the Turin Olympics in 2006, but then took time off from competition to help support the wife and young daughter of a friend, Anthony Crute, who died in 2009.
Local law enforcement officers cordoned off a half-mile area around the site, diverting traffic.
Lori Him April 22, 2011 4:48 PM 22 Apr 2011 - The very public beach has been almost completely blocked off by rental equipment, jetski, canie, paddle boards, hobbie cat, stacked on the beach all the way into the water.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" sliced off $65 million at the weekend box office.
Los Angeles captain Dustin Brown had the best opportunity to break the scoreless deadlock with 30 seconds remaining, but his shot from the faceoff circle rang off the post behind Lack.
Los Angeles didn't blame fatigue for its slow finals start after finishing off Chicago on Sunday.
Los Angeles Dodgers longtime broadcaster Vin Scully, the parade's grand marshal, kicked off the show after six F-16s from the Air Force's Thunderbirds roared overhead.
Los Angeles Kings center Mike Richards (10) wins a face off against Anaheim Ducks center Ryan Getzlaf (15) in the first period at Staples Center.
LOUISIANA: From the Times-Picayune: "The number of people who cast their ballots early in Louisiana dropped off from the Nov. 4 primary election to the Dec. 6 runoff election in every statewide category except one: registered Republican voters.
Loupe had to wait three hours to tee off because of rain Thursday, and then he played bogey-free on the Shore Course at Monterey Peninsula.
Loup struck out Chase Headley, who was pinch hitting for Drew, but Gardner came in to score on another throwing error by catcher Dioner Navarro, who threw wide off third base in an attempt to pick off Gardner.
Lynn Tolocka, 24, grew up a martial arts enthusiast in a U.S. military family who settled in Leduc, Alta., and took time off from her catering job last weekend to celebrate her 25th birthday.
Major movie studios "want their hands on this right away," but have held off using the technology until the FAA gives the go-ahead, he said.
Malaysian authorities believe that as the plane crossed the country's northeast coast and flew across the Gulf of Thailand, someone on board shut off its communications systems and turned sharply to the west.
Manufacturers and retailers say the new rules could force them to pull large-screen plasma TVs and many other models off store shelves.
Many insurgents in the east also have shrugged off the round table organized by the government as meaningless window dressing amid the continuing military operation.
MARCH MADNESS: NCAA tournament bracket "We have had a little adversity on the court, off the court and this stuff early," Williams said.
Marco Benassi and Paulinho scored at the start of the second half but Ibrahima Mbaye was sent off with 10 minutes remaining after a second yellow card for handball.
Market may cool off This growth spurt may not last much longer.
Martinez's shot went off Blackhawks defenseman Nick Leddy and fluttered over goalie Corey Crawford, stunning the sellout crowd at the United Center and leading to a wild on-ice celebration for Los Angeles.
Masterson then held the student until a State Police lieutenant, dropping his own child off at the school, was alerted to the shooting and took the suspect into custody.
Matt Kemp led off the inning with a walk but was caught stealing second base during Ethier's at-bat.
Maybe politicians would be better off if they were more open about their challenges and struggles in the first place.
McClendon said he thinks some of that is due to Hernandez at times this year getting an extra day of rest between starts, with Seattle sticking with a five-man rotation even through off days.
McComas fired a 37-yard scoring toss to Jeremiah Miller to get the Yellow Jackets on the board and capped off a five-play drive in the second quarter with a three-yard scoring run.
McIlroy then upped things a gear, almost reaching the green in two at the 15th before draining the eagle putt from just off the fringe to join Horschel in a two-way tie at the top.
McLain was known as a carefree player on and off the field, though he had his share of ups and downs.
Meanwhile, Hazel (Cozi Zuehlsdorff), his friend from the first film, stands off to the side giving worried looks.
Meanwhile, in a separate incident in another part of Oxford county, thieves made off with a heavy drive-in movie projector in East Zoora-Tavistock township on September 10. The projector is made by Kitchener-based Christie Digital and weighs 500 pounds.
Meng said Dickson pushed Liu down off camera and after the sound of two muffled bangs, he heard no more sounds from Liu.
Men Value It, But Are Conflicted About It Most dads think a man should get respect for taking a few days off after his child is born.
Michelle Dale Clark-Swanson 5pts Other countries cut off hand for stealing and cane the wrong, no we prosecute the innocent!
Mickelson, still hunting his first U.S. Open title after suffering the heartache of a record six runner-up spots at the event, will not be one of them after struggling to a three-over 73 on Friday that left him a distant 13 shots off the pace.
Microsoft, Washington Agencies, Under the Dome The Daily Troll: Microsoft lays off 747 here.
Mike Pagtakhan showed off the new digs to a classroom full of children from the nearby Dufferin School.
Mike Siegel / The Seattle Times Brittle prickly pear cactus (Opuntia fragilis) is one of the surprises growing on the steep hillside, where it thrives in sharp drainage and sun reflected off stone paths and steps.
Mike Siegel / The Seattle Times Michael Braun shows off a computer game created by a student at Rainier Beach High School last semester using Microsoft's TouchDevelop programming language to write apps for computers and smart phones.
Mitchell had invited me as a guest to make a wild pheasant pie from a bird that he had shot on Matinicus Island, where warmer temperatures far off the coast allowed pheasant to survive winters.
Montgomerie, who never won on the PGA Tour despite a decorated career in Europe, fended off a mid-round charge from Tom Watson to clinch the second major of the season on the over-50s Champions Tour.
Mookie Betts singled off Janssen (3-2) to begin the 11th and was called out at second on Christian Vazquez's sacrifice, with the call overturned after a challenge by Red Sox manager John Farrell.
More errors coming off the Sharapova wing now, and Halep is playing some inspired defense.
More than 50,000 spectators were at Sydney's Olympic stadium expecting to send the Socceroos off with what should have been a straightforward win.
More than two decades ago as a new paramedic, Jim Dooley saved the life of baby Duelli's father while off duty.
MORE: USA announces starting goalie vs. Russia The 41-year-old forward skated hard down the ice on the game-winning goal to put himself in the right position to score easily off a rebound created by Erik Karlsson's shot.
Morgan told police he peeled off her burning sweater and used it to douse the flames in her hair.
Morse tied the score at 1-1 with his ninth homer of the season, a 442-foot blast to left center field, to lead off the second.
"Most Arab states share Israel's determination to finish the movement off once and for all, but they are unlikely to be successful."
Most studies of investor performance suggest the average person is far better off investing in index funds, which tend to track the market’s overall performance, than in individual stocks.
Most take some time off and then return to graduate.
Mr FitzGerald explained that the minority felt Irish and part of the majority of the island of Ireland "from which they had been cut off by an arbitrary act".
Mr Kassig's murder is a sign of frustration that IS militants are unable to hit back at the coalition air strikes that have driven them off key sites like the Mosul and Haditha dams, and prevented them from seizing the town of Kobane.
Murphy said the smoke detectors did not go off right away because the fire began on the outside of the home.
My fantasy is that Jack arrives in Moscow and the Russians tell him, “We don’t want to actually incarcerate you or screw with you; we actually need you,” and he’s off on a whole other adventure.
@N-acetyl-p-aminophenol @Dead Eyemove at speeds over 10mph and the cell tower cuts them off @Chris H @tpptt Yes, you fill the dots, you will have what she might be doing, just not paying attention.
Naghma, a shy Afghan girl, was married off to a moneylender's son Taj Mohammad borrowed $2,500 to pay for his wife's medical bills and other family expenses.
Nahid Almanea was found stabbed to death on a footpath off Avon Way in Colchester on Tuesday.
Nakata responded with silence off the field and by blowing away expectations on it -- starting with two goals in a 4-3 loss to champions Juventus on the opening day of the season.
Napier had an off game with 12 points against Florida and still found ways to excel.
Natural History museum is hosting its first adult sleepover By Cassandra Khaw 10 hours ago For years, grown-ups could only watch jealously as their children gallivanted off to spend a night in the American Museum of Natural History.
NBC made certain to keep Clinton off the air around the time her mother was making media appearances to promote a book, to avoid any appearance of conflict.
Neighborhood groups - organized through Facebook - have dropped off some items, but the family needs many more.
Neighbors in Monrovia, Liberia, believe Duncan become infected when he helped bundle a sick pregnant neighbor into a taxi a few weeks ago and set off with her to find treatment.
Neonics, as they're commonly called, hit the market in the early 2000s, but sales have taken off over the past five years.
Never moved off the back row.
' New York is 14-5-2 on the road after losing 13 of its first 17. Ottawa (33-31-14) split its two games following the loss to the Islanders and is coming off a 3-2 road victory over the New York Rangers on Saturday, but the situation is dire.
Nigel Parsons, Sheffield: In the summer of 1973 I spent many days chipping concrete off the ends of a new half-Olympic 25m swimming pool in Chester-le-Street because the surveyor laying it out had forgotten to allow for the thickness of the tiles.
No. 8 David Denton came closest to a Scotland try when he burst blindside off a ruck 10 meters out and was trying to reach out to the line when he was bowled into touch by scrumhalf Conor Murray and flanker Peter O'Mahony.
None said the proposed benefit restrictions would put them off as they planned to work, not claim benefits.
Nope they had him closed in by 7/11 but he ran and got away His name is Ray and yes they finally got that scumbag off of our streets of Winston.
Noseworthy is alleged to have made off with cash after some, but not all, of the heists.
No SpiceJet flights had taken off Wednesday and passengers were making arrangements to shift to other airlines, a Delhi airport official said speaking on condition of anonymity because he was not authorized to speak to the media.
Notes As expected, MRI results revealed that injured leadoff hitter Emilio Bonifacio suffered an oblique strain on that painful swing leading off the game Thursday in Pittsburgh.
NOTES: Baker returned to the lineup after taking a foul ball off his throat during Wednesday's 5-4 victory over the Mets.
Nothing I can do about it now, other than work my butt off to be healthy, be the best leader I can and hopefully have a career at the next level.”
Not Shocked' In Washington, minority congressional staffers walked off their jobs and gathered on the steps of the Capitol on Thursday with their hands raised to show support for the families of Michael Brown and Eric Garner.
Now if someone would just turn off Sherman.
Now that at least the promise of spring is in the air, many people are dusting off their running shoes and getting ready to rid their bodies of winter rust and maybe a few extra pounds by taking to the roads again.
Now watching Up next No. 19 Badgers Hold Off South Florida 27-10 Melvin Gordon rushed for 181 yards and two touchdowns, and No. 19 Wisconsin overcame a sluggish start to hold off South Florida 27-10 on Saturday.
Now, with many of the contenders just teeing off Friday, McIlroy is once again the guy everyone is chasing.
NPR's Tom Magliozzi dies at 77 "We can be happy he lived the life he wanted to live; goofing off a lot, talking to you guys every week, and primarily, laughing his ass off," he said.
NTSB investigators previously said data from the jet's flight data recorders indicated it reached takeoff speed but never lifted off before it went off a runway, crashed into a gulley and burst into flames.
Oak Hill scored twice off Fletcher in the top of the seventh, the big blow a booming triple to center from Brady Dion.
Obama had dispatched 129 troops to Iraq on Tuesday to assess the scope of the humanitarian crisis and options for getting the people safely off the mountain.
Obama said in an interview on “60 Minutes” on Sunday that the United States underestimated the rise of the Islamic State and overestimated the Iraqi military’s ability to fight off the terrorist group.
Oct. 20: In Texas, 43 people taken off Ebola watch lists.
Of course, not many children, if any, will be excited to run off to a therapist's office if their parents determine they need outside help.
"officers are under no obligation to turn off the cameras if people object to being recorded - even if the conversation is being recorded in someone's home" Yes they are.
Officers called off the pursuit at that point.
Officers initially released a description of a man thought to have made off with a three-figure sum of cash, but now say it is possible the culprit could have been female.
Officials put the number of survivors at 179. The 146-metre Sewol now sits — with just part of its keel visible — in waters off Mokpo, about 470 kilometres from Seoul.
Officials were tipped off to at least five letters mailed to five hotels close to the sports stadium in East Rutherford.
"Often there are specials that can save savvy travelers up to 35 percent off the retail price.
On a recent morning, the ice off Duluth’s Brighton Beach was dotted with more than two dozen anglers.
Once surging foreign investment has started to taper off, with companies put off by the lack of infrastructure and what are seen as increasingly nationalist laws.
Once you step inside, you're met with an amazing 1940 DC-3 airliner called Ship 41. When sunlight pours through the hangar windows, it bounces off the aluminum surface of this twin-propeller tail-dragger.
Once you top off your six-month emergency fund?
On Dec. 21, 2008, he and his best friend were riding an ATV around suppertime when they veered off of a cliff in Upper Island Cove.
One day earlier, nine Wildrose MLAs -- including former leader Danielle Smith -- crossed the floor to the Tories, causing the opposition party to lay off around 10 staff members.
One finally found the back of the net seven minutes after the half, when Marcelo Sarvas’ strike from the edge of the box deflected off Marshall and past a flailing Frei.
One has been sitting off the coast of Morocco, another is shown by tanker tracking data to have sailed through the Suez Canal this week with its destination listed as South Africa.
One lane had been blocked off with cones and a patrol car was parked in front of a black vehicle with damage to its front bumper.
One question has never ceased to prey upon the Scottish people's psyche: would the country be better off on its own?
One year ago: A de Havilland DHC-3 Otter air taxi crashed after taking off from Soldotna, Alaska, killing all 10 people on board.
On February 13, 2010, noted director Kevin Smith boarded a Southwest Airlines flight in Oakland bound for Burbank when he was asked to get off the plane because his weight and size were a "safety concern."
On Friday, Steeves said if he is elected mayor in the Oct. 22 civic election, he would like to sell off four city golf courses that he described as "under-used," then roll the revenue into a fund to repair infrastructure.
On July 7, Kyle Seitz was supposed to drop his son off at day care in Ridgefield, Connecticut, but the dropoff never occurred, his wife, Lindsey Rogers-Seitz told CNN last month.
On June 21 his body was found in nearby woodland, off Selling Road.
On Lindwood Hills Drive, right off of Route W, between the bridge and Route W on Lindwood Hills Drive, your bridge is just about to fall in on the east side of the bridge.
Only yesterday we saw them desperately pull together dodgy figures to make the ludicrous claim that people are better off under them, despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary.
On the contrary, the Nationalelf generated the best chance when Thomas Müller slid a ball through for Mario Götze, who immediately fired off a shot.
On the website, I was kicked off several times.
On this date: In 1620, 41 Pilgrims aboard the Mayflower, anchored off Massachusetts, signed a compact calling for a "body politick."
On top of that, many ISIS fighters are made up of ex-soldiers, who were laid off by US governor Paul Bremer, and who subsequently could not find a place in the new Iraqi army.
On Tuesday, Manis cut off his electronic monitor and was last seen in the 2100 block of Eastway Drive, Charlotte-Mecklenburg police said.
On Wednesday, BlackBerry officially took the wraps off its latest flagship device — the BlackBerry Passport.
On Wednesday, Hishamuddin brushed off international criticism of his country's investigation and insisted "we have done an admirable job."
On Wednesday, residents of West Point clashed with police and soldiers hours after the neighborhood was sealed off, furious that they were being blamed and cut off from markets and jobs.
Optimistic Fed stops buying bonds to aid economy Federal Reserve, buoyed by strengthening economy, is easing off stimulus.
Orbital Sciences Corp.'s unmanned Antares rocket had just lifted off from Wallops Island, Virginia, when it exploded.
Oregon coach Robert Johnson said the Ducks men finished off the meet in style.
Organizer John Smith thinks this type of competition will take off among miners.
Organizers kick off Rubber Duck Regatta in a new way The kickoff for the 20th annual Rubber Duck Regatta will be this coming Monday at Washington Park.
Or head to Music City for its signature hot chicken In Ireland, oysters are the draw for a September festival in Galway If so, there's a time to cross a destination off your list: when a major food event is in town.
Or planning for the prospect of a "red-alert" rocket-warning siren going off in the middle of the vows, sending family and friends scrambling in a panic for cover?
Or whether there is less risk in returning Lolita to a cove off San Juan Island and gradually retrain her to live in the wild.
Other advisers say consumers should take a more active approach to fend off the onslaught of digital conveniences.
Otherwise, you can hand it off to the person who's dropping you off at the airport, or you can surrender it.
"Our analysis shows that Scottish consumers are up to £189 better off in the UK as the broad shoulders of the Union allow us to spread energy costs more evenly."
Palestinian medics reported at least 19 dead, including six killed in an airstrike that flattened an apartment building in southern Gaza and set off widespread panic.
Parkinson's disease is a degenerative nervous system disorder in which brain cells that produce an important chemical called dopamine slowly die off over time, and abnormal deposits of protein spread across the brain.
Part 1 9. Historic win for Samisoni Viriviri 10. Growing rugby in Scotland 11. Rugby rivals face off in kicking challenge 12. Who will be crowned rugby player of the year?
Part of the reason cell phone use is dangerous for drivers is because it can force them to take their eyes off the road and their hands off the steering wheel.
"Patients often come into my office and drop down a brown bag full of pill bottles on my desk and say, 'I'm off Oxycodone; I'm off muscle relaxants.
People dropped off eggs to give away to the homeless.
People from 80 years old he had pulled off all their teeth and put in dentures,” she said.
People remember when they were students living off their waitressing income and imagine that if they were parachuted into poverty in a rural village, they would be able to work through the challenges in some methodical way and make a plan to survive.
Petrino takes over a Cardinal program coming off a 12-1 finish and gearing up to join the Atlantic Coast Conference next season.
PHOTO: Deadlift Starting Position To start the movement, pull the bar off of the floor keeping it as close to your body as you can.
Photo of Preacher Edward Lewis Neal by Evan Lewis, Blind Eye Photo He knew he had to be vigilant because the rubber mill had grabbed gloves off of his hands.
Pictured stepping off the plane as the U.S. team arrived at Edinburgh airport ahead of this week's match, the world No. 10 sported a new haircut with "USA" shaved into the side of his head.
PItts mentioned it, Snowden mentioned it and then Jones went off because of it.
Planetary Nebula This planetary nebula's simple, graceful appearance is thought to be due to perspective: our view from Earth looking straight into what is actually a barrel-shaped cloud of gas shrugged off by a dying central star.
Playing without a recognized striker, City reeled off its sixth straight league win and eighth in all competitions, one short of the club record.
Police also say they have recovered a dark Buick sedan seen on video dropping off the suspects at the bank.
Police closed off several blocks of the Ferguson street where most of the last few days’ unrest has unfolded, but many converged there all the same.
Police cordoned off Renfrew Street, and smoke was also drifting across the M8.
Police hauled a dozen petitioners away from the courthouse and fended off foreign reporters.
Police officers push protesters off the road outside government headquarters in Hong Kong Wednesday.
Police officials say a parked car bomb went off near shops in the southern holy Shiite city of Karbala on Tuesday, killing three people and wounding 16. Also, police say a car bomb killed one person in the town of Hafriyah, just south of Baghdad.
Police say the driver fled the scene on foot after crashing his truck into a wooded area near a rock quarry off of 367 and Lindbergh.
POLICE SEIZE 2 FIREARMS Police have taken two (2) additional firearms off the streets of New Providence in separate incidents on Tuesday 28th January 2014.
Police want to speak to a female described as Caucasian, about 16 years old, long dark hair, medium height, wearing a white string top cut off at the mid-drift and dark jeans or pants.
Poor visibility on the middle section of the course forced World Cup officials to call off a men's downhill on Saturday, the last speed race before the Sochi Olympics.
Posner, who has a reputation for making lawyers before him squirm, cut off Indiana Solicitor General Thomas Fisher just moments into his presentation and frequently chided him to answer his questions.
Post Falls resident Sarah Miller told the Coeur d'Alene Press that her family was hiking Sunday when their dog, Loyal encountered the body-gripping trap about 20 feet off the road.
Power in Manila and neighbouring provinces was cut in the morning as branches were torn off trees and electricity lines snapped.
Preliminary reports are, that shortly before 2:00pm, the victim was on a fishing trip with his brother off Harbour Island, when he began to experience severe chest pains while diving in the water.
President Benigno Aquino has led a warm re-embrace of the United States in recent years, insisting that greater US military support is needed to fend off China's actions.
Previous Article Cargill lays off 600 employees in plant closure Next Article Police respond to possible drug related armed robbery Which of these new Wisconsin State Fair snacks are you going to try?
Project helped by crowdfunding UBC psychology professor Ron Rensink helped Duncan get the project off the ground by launching a crowdfunding campaign on Microryza.
Proper treatment is daily beatings because the pain helps to take the subjects mind off of their drug cravings.
Prosecutors, citing government-commissioned reports and witness testimony, said the three senators had siphoned off funds to non-existent non-government organizations for agricultural projects.
Prosecutor takes on Jodi Arias Sexual assault cover up in the military Who profits off your hospital bills?
Protests Hong Kong students demand response from China over 'fake democracy' Students across Hong Kong have boycotted classes, kicking off a week of pro-democracy rallies.
PUIG-TASTIC FLIP: Huge homer, better celebration for Puig Fernandez avoided a serious injury in the fifth when he was hit on the back of the left leg by a sharp grounder off the bat of Dee Gordon.
Putin will also want to shake off any comparisons with the shooting down of a Korean airliner over the Soviet Union in 1983 which deepened the Cold War chill with the United States.
Q: When he was out, what was that like when you can sense that the defense was coming off the rails and going through life without him?
Rain water that runs off roads and other hard surfaces into sewer systems can contaminate water supplies, cause beach closings and harm aquatic life.
Rare panda triplets survive their first month It's triple the cuteness: During a medical check-up on Thursday, rare triplet panda cubs showed off how much they've grown since their birth a month ago.
RCMP say Richard Hager, 21, jumped off the bridge into the river.
READ MORE Mosul Residents Rally Around ISIS Egypt’s vaunted military is still a fearsome adversary, and if Ali Ain Shafi’s brother, who gave his name as Rustum, is to be believed, they’ve successfully blocked off some smuggling channels on their own.
Rebecca Coriam, 23, from Chester, vanished from the ship off the coast of Mexico three years ago.
Registration starts in the first week of July," Sending off our news team, one particularly enthused student immaculately dressed in a mini white lab coat shared the general delight of the pack, proudly proclaiming "I'm a doctor!"
Reid and McConnell to take the weekend off and hold all the votes for the $1.1 trillion government funding bill on Monday.
Reid said alarm bells have been going off for him since robbers looking for drugs doused two pharmacy clerks with gasoline and threatened to set them in fire in 2011.
Related Stories HMCS Toronto crew sets off to join NATO in Mediterranean A fire broke out aboard HMCS Toronto on Christmas Day, but it was put out quickly and no one was hurt.
Related Stories Timeline: Canadian Museum for Human Rights Designers and builders of the Canadian Museum for Human Rights showed off their progress Friday as the museum prepares to open Sept. 20, 2014.
Renaissance Art, $139.95 Sailor African Elephant Maki-e limited edition fountain pen For penning "wish you were here" postcards to loved ones or ticking off sightings of the Big Five, this elephant-adorned pen should be up to the task.
REUTERS/Brendan McDermid NEW YORK (Reuters) - U.S. stocks were little changed on Wednesday amid signs of progress in diplomatic attempts to ease tensions in Ukraine and as investors shrugged off concern over weakness in the Chinese economy.
REUTERS/Maxim Zmeyev Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 takes off at 12.31 PM from Schiphol airport near Amsterdam, the Netherlands, 17 July 2014.
Rich young boys sometimes managed to bribe their way out of service, but the same could not be said for all Arab citizens, who were hauled off to battle in the dreaded Safar Barlik.
Rick Osentoski, USA TODAY Sports April 30: Diamondbacks catcher Miguel Montero slides into home where he is congratulated by teammates after hitting a walk off home run in the tenth inning against the Rockies.
Rocky planets start life off as dusty material rotating around young stars.
ROLE OF FITNESS The National Weight Control Registry, which tracks more than 10,000 adults who have lost at least 30 pounds and kept it off for at least a year, reports that 94 percent of participants say they increased their physical activity.
Rollins got hit No. 2,235 off Edwin Jackson, sending a 3-1 pitch into right field to open the fifth.
Romney scowled and cut reporter Shaun Boyd off midsentence.
Ronaldo was sent off in his side’s 1-1 draw away to Athletic Bilbao last weekend and has provisionally been banned for three La Liga games, although the suspension could be reduced as Real have announced their intention to appeal.
Roots got the crowd in the mood by leading off the night.
Rory McIlroy, making the most of ideal scoring conditions, shrugged off a painful knee to soar three shots clear with a spectacular nine-under-par 63 in Thursday’s opening round of the Memorial Tournament in Dublin, Ohio.
Ross D. Franklin/Associated Press Arizona Cardinals rookie Troy Niklas (right) laughs as he talks with Rob Housler as the two walk off the field after a workout on May 20, 2014, in Tempe.
Rossiter advises that home owners make sure they clear the area around space heaters and turn them off when they leave the room.
Rounding out the top five on the points list entering this week was The Barclays winner Hunter Mahan, who is well off the pace in a tie for 27th after the first round in Atlanta.
"Running around second, I thought it hit high off the wall so I just put my head down and was busting it to third."
Running back Marshawn Lynch (knee), receiver Doug Baldwin (hip) and defensive tackle Brandon Mebane (ankle) did not practice, as Carroll indicated might be the case as they manage injuries during the off week.
Running off 102 pounds Running off 102 pounds Running off 102 pounds Running off 102 pounds Running off 102 pounds Running off 102 pounds Editor's note: Do you have a weight-loss success story to share?
Russia axes South Stream project Russia has called off a major project to supply southern Europe with natural gas.
Russia's Alexey Volkov was second, 14.6 seconds behind after shooting cleanly, followed by compatriot Evgeny Ustyugov, who was 16.5 seconds off the pace with one missed target.
Ryan Butler (pictured right in 2011) is a familiar face to Beliebers both on and off the red carpet, and he considers Bieber a brother.
Ryan Gosling, David Cronenberg, Ken Loach and Sophia Loren are all due to make an appearance at the 12-day glitzy event that kicks off Wednesday with the world premiere of controversial biopic "Grace of Monaco" starring Nicole Kidman.
Ryan Guilds, a lawyer for the woman who is at the center of the case, said Friday that his client is "deeply disappointed" Graham will not be prosecuted and that he is "troubled" Graham is "getting off scot-free."
Sabbatini ran off runs of three birdies in a row on the front and back nines in his round, sinking a 17-foot birdie putt at the third and a 22-foot birdie putt at the fourth to finish his first such streak.
Said offensive coordinator Darrell Bevell: “Just because you break off a big run, you may or may not have hit it right.
Samji works out of a modified house tucked behind some trees off a busy stretch of Yonge Street.
SanDiegoChargersFan 5pts It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity Okay, but why didn't she just turn off the phone and go to sleep?
San Francisco makes money off of the arrangement with its tow company, to the tune of $30 million a year -- a fine racket, indeed.
Sangakkara's imperious 221 in just over 11 1/2 hours off 425 balls was studded with 24 fours as the master batsman made Pakistan pay heavily for dropping him on the first ball of the morning.
Saturday: "Doctor Who," 7:15 p.m., BBC America: It's a new season and a new Doctor as the science-fiction fantasy series kicks off its eighth season.
Scientists from the Monterey Bay Aquarium Research Institute saw the anglerfish while exploring the Monterey Canyon in the Pacific Ocean off the coast of central California.
Sean Mannion, bouncing back from a rough outing in last week's loss at Southern Cal, completed 27 of 37 for 278 yards and his lone touchdown pass came in the fourth quarter to help Oregon State (4-1, 1-1 Pac-12) fend off Colorado (2-4, 0-3).
See diver battle shark with spear Anderson Cooper talks to a Florida diver who fought off a great white shark with a spear and caught it on camera.
Seemingly a routine fly ball off the bat, the ball kept carrying in the high elevation and a little push from the wind helped it clear the right field fence.
See timelapse of glaciers vanishing Watching chunks of ice the size of buildings peel off glaciers and plunge into the icy waters of Alaska's Glacier Bay National Park will set your pulse racing.
Senate Democrats at risk of losing their seats in the November elections pressed the White House to hold off an executive order.
September 1998: Paolo Di Canio, left, was sent off for violent conduct in an English Premier League game against Arsenal.
Seven people have been laid off from Regina-based Information Services Corporation, the formerly government-owned land titles company, CBC News has learned.
Several airlines report they are following all U.S. Centers for Disease Controls protocols for keeping people with contagious diseases off their aircrafts.
Shares were lower in early trading in Europe and Dow Jones and S&P futures were off 0.5 per cent, suggesting a dismal start for the week on Wall Street.
Shares were lower in early trading in Europe and Dow Jones and S&P futures were off 0.5 percent, suggesting a dismal start for the week on Wall Street.
She captioned one picture of a hike through thick, green underbrush this way: “We explore off trail despite there being no good reason to do so.”
She doesn't move when we have sex, either I'm wondering where the father was that she couldn't get her rocks off with him?
"… She gets up on that hill, and she jumps amazingly well and brushes it off like it's no problem."
"She got off the school bus and tried to help me when I was in a bad car accident."
She has always been a positive role model on the court and off the court in the classroom as well.
She has been known to show off her gymnastic skills at the planning agency's regular gatherings.
She has been laid off for 7 months but last month her paycheck was $13294 just working on the laptop for a few hours. check it out d­­­­­u­­­­b­3­­­­­­­­0.
Shehzad fell soon after, edging a pull off Dilruwan Perera to be caught down the leg-side by the wicketkeeper.
She longed for blond hair and pretty dresses instead of black skin and clothes cast off by their white owners.
Sherman said he had a "good chunk" of hide taken off his right, front hoof when he was stepped on at the start of the race by Matterhorn out of the No. 3 gate.
Sherpas halt Everest climbing season Ogwyn: 'I saw it come right over the top' What it's like to summit Everest alone At least six companies that lead Everest expeditions called off their 2014 climbs after the accident, right before the peak season.
She saw desperate African refugees everywhere, she adds, as Ronny and Jako take the three people they have arrested off toward the police station.
She says this spot is off the beaten path.
She’s held off marrying her boyfriend of four years and starting a family because she owes more than $170,000 in federal and private student loans that she took out to pursue her education in criminal justice.
She's showing them off with pro partner Val Chmerkovskiy.
She then signed me off for three months with depression.
She then took off a few weeks to stay at home, watching her 8-year-old son Cooper’s swim meets.
Shi'ite Muslims from the Lebanese Bekaa Valley town of al-Labwa had erected sandbag barriers at the weekend to cut off the road to Arsal, a Sunni town about 5 km (3 miles) east where they believed hundreds of Syrian rebels had taken refuge.
Shrek could show up to tell kids to turn off their tablet An example of the sort of content on offer is provided by DreamWorks animation producer Nancy Bernstein, who is creating a series of "character moments" for the Dreamtab.
Signs at South African airports and casinos point to where consumers should drop off their weapons.
Simpson shrugged off the disappointment of last month's Ryder Cup, where he was part of a losing American team, carding a six-under-par 65 at the TPC Summerlin.
Since handing off the Auschwitz cases to state prosecutors, federal authorities say they are focusing on identifying guards from other camps, starting with Majdanek.
Since the 2012 killings, USC has added 60 security cameras, including some license plate readers, for a total of 178 cameras in a 1.8 square mile (4.7 square kilometer) area that includes blocks off campus, Carlisle said.
Since the country began its transition to capitalism in 1990, it has sold off many state-owned companies to strategic investors.
Since the end of December, Dhaka has been all but cut off from the rest of the country for fear of violent escalations.
Sinclair struck again in the 42nd minute to tie the score at 3-3 after midfielder Allie Long intercepted a pass in the attacking third before playing the ball to forward Alex Morgan, who laid off to Sinclair to score from 14 yards out.
Six officers turned up at the three-star hotel just off the A28, while his shocked wife and daughters returned to their house in Raymond Avenue, Canterbury, to find four officers searching the property.
Sky Sox third baseman Paul Janish roped a double off Rainiers starter Jordan Pries to the corner in left, scoring Drew Garcia, who was on base after a fielder’s choice.
So, I take about a month off to relax.
So it takes that pressure off the brand to develop a separate online presence,” she said.
Soler also had an RBI single off Jonathan Broxton in the eighth, cutting it to 6-5.
Some 230,000 people were killed in the Indian Ocean tsunami set off by a magnitude 9.1 earthquake on Dec. 26, 2004.
Some are better off than others because of the state of their natural resources.
Some have been working with the Office of the Insurance Commissioner (OIC) to make sure they will meet the new rules, but the office hasn’t signed off on any of them.
Some insurers are offering a broader array of policies off the exchanges, while others are selling off-exchange plans only.
Some people love electronic music and rodeo Melt started off as a techno festival and has been around since the early 1990s; those origins can still be felt today.
Some people might assume that we are mooching off our parents or that we're too lazy to find a job.
Some sang themselves, others dusted off old records or cassettes.
Some soldiers openly sympathized with red-shirted protesters, tipping off the group's leaders ahead of a planned army operation, unnerving the top brass and sapping troop morale.
Some students have even taken off in a replica of the Wright Brothers' 1902 glider.
Sony's move last week to cancel the scheduled release of "The Interview," which depicts an assassination of Kim, set off alarm among some diplomats and entertainment figures who warned of setting a precedent for backing down in the face of future threats.
So off Mohammed went to the camp.
So the Swiss want to seal themselves off and do away with the freedom of movement that, with a few restraints, they had granted to all EU citizens.
Sounds like this resulted in two criminals permanently off the streets.
SOUR NOTE: What’s the point of assembling an odd rock super group with Nine Inch Nails, Queens of the Stone Age and Lindsey Buckingham for the finale and cutting them off mid-song?
So, when Lucas Westcoat, a senior Microsoft product manager showed off what Cortana (named after a character in the Halo video game) could do, the first task was asking her for a reminder to congratulate the wife on a great new job the next time we spoke.
So when there is a deadly turn as happened in Ferguson, it can set off a powder keg of emotions.
So while the power grid may see fluctuations because the storm will cause changes in Earth's magnetic field, it won't knock power systems off line, Berger said.
So why has EDM taken off now?
Space heaters should be turned off and fireplace embers should be out before leaving the room or going to bed.
Spain international Juan Mata scored the only goal of the game after coming off the bench.
Spain's alternative stock exchange, the MAB by its initials in Spanish, had requested the company make public as soon as possible an action plan in relation to the report which wiped about 60 percent off the value of the shares over two days.
Stalin's plan - to arrive later as the supreme judge over the burned cities of a shattered and bloodied Europe - was off target."
Stanley said he thinks a passing neighbor may have scared them off -- temporarily.
Start the conversation > Anglers can look forward to another dandy spring and summer halibut fishery off the Washington coast.
Start things off with a little sparkling, cue up your favorite jazzy play list and light the candles.
State patrol reports the rider, 64-year old Jake Laws, was ejected off his 2014 Harley Davidson.
Stateside PETA has faced off with local hunting groups, which want to make it illegal to use drones to monitor or harass hunters on US soil.
Staycations are as popular as ever, with many people opting to enjoy their time off at home and skip the hassle (and cost) of a traditional vacation.
Steve Cram Former world champion and BBC athletics commentator "What a way to round off what have been a scintillating Championships - and one of the features has been these great young sprinters that Britain has."
Stevens 4-17 return was his second best in T20 cricket, and when the cyclical winds eventually became too strong for the televised game to continue, Somerset went off on 59-5, 40 short of the D/L par.
Stewart-Haas Racing boss and teammate Tony Stewart, Gibson, and her parents were among the throng of well-wishers in the garage that made it a celebratory scene straight out of her dazzling Daytona 500 to kick off 2013.
Still, he says the microbead talks nurtured a better working relationship, as have negotiations over fending off invasive species like the Asian carp.
Still, it's developed a track record for flexing marketing muscle and pulling off mega mergers, which together have repeatedly propelled it to the top.
"Strictly speaking, it's not a brewpub because it brews off premises, but thebeers and the foodat the restaurant at the back of the bar are amazing," Tucker says.
SUGGESTED LOCATIONS: Fish the main lake drop off areas.
"Surrey Police and Surrey Fire and Rescue units are currently at the scene, which remains cordoned off while inquiries to establish the circumstances surrounding the fire continue."
Survivors told the coast guard between 60 and 65 people had been on the 30-foot yacht and the six-foot dinghy that had set off from Turkey.
SWB and the Mud Hens are squaring off for the first time this season, and for the first time since they played a 20-inning marathon last July at PNC Field won by the RailRiders 2-1.
Swiss aerials competitor Christopher Lambert suffered a suspected dislocated elbow while Britain's Rowan Cheshire was stretchered off the halfpipe after being knocked unconscious.
TACO BELL: Rolls out breakfast menu STOCKS MONDAY: How markets are doing "We know, as an example, that breakfast on the weekend cut off at 10:30 doesn't go very well," Jeff Stratton, head of McDonald's USA, said in an interview.
Takes their minds off the real issues in the Middle East that they should be devoting all their time and energy to solving if they are truly interested in world peace.
Taking time to truly understand your options will pay off in the end.
Tampa got off the schneid with a last-second win at Pittsburgh.
Taylor smashed two sixes and a four off an over from all-rounder Russell that shot New Zealand so far ahead of the required rate that victory was a formality from that point.
Teachers, parents and students convened once again at St. John Gualbert School in Cheektowaga to kick off the start of 2014 classes.
Teach James and Dwyane Wade how to play off the ball.
Television footage showed one lucky escape as a man had his T-shirt ripped off by a horn as one of the beasts lifted itself from a tumble.
Temporary striping tape installed on Interstate 66 peeled off on Monday, creating spaghetti-shaped dividers that caused lengthy delays for those on their morning commute, according to CNN affiliate WUSA.
Tennessee lawmakers tried to head off that same attack on the state's death penalty in 1998, when they amended the law to add lethal injection.
Tensions have escalated in Kashmir since India this past week called off diplomatic talks with Pakistan because the Pakistani ambassador in New Delhi met with separatist leaders from the disputed region.
That brought the oldest trophy in international sports to the San Diego Yacht Club, which hosted the America's Cup in 1988, 1992 and 1995, with racing on the Pacific Ocean off Point Loma.
That didn't change on Tuesday night, as the most viable candidate, James Woods, a blind Democrat running in a deeply red congressional district in Arizona, failed to pull off an upset against longtime GOP Rep. Matt Salmon.
That has been signed off and is being presented to Elections New Brunswick today," he said.
That is the site of Cumulus Fibres, a textile plant, and it is off Hovis Road.
That’s her unselfish nature, how she is both on and off the floor.”
That's when the Hawks took off on their run, with Teague sparking it with six points and an assist, then Schroder finishing it with five points and an assist in the final 1:40.
The 136,000-square-foot store is on Ervin Road, off N.C. 150 west of the exit.
The 2012 Olympic bronze medalist finished in 9.82 seconds, scraping 0.12 seconds off the meeting record set by Davidson Ezinwa of Nigeria in 1994.
The 224-foot (68-meter) tall rocket lifted off from its seaside launch pad at 1 a.m. EDT/0500 GMT, dashing through partly cloudy, nighttime skies as it headed toward space.
The 40-year-old left-hander, who made 85 not out in the first test, hit eight fours off 198 balls in 273 minutes.
The 49ers (14-4) had the second-most delay of game penalties in the NFL during the regular season with eight and have frequently struggled to get plays off on time, forcing them to waste timeouts.
The accident occurred when Golden drove off the roadway into the ditch, over correcting and causing the vehicle to go into a right side skid.
The accuser also said she did not remember much of what happened next but that she remembered being in a ground-floor apartment, where a man took off her clothes and had sex with her despite her objections.
The actor apparently announced his retirement from public life via Twitter, capping off a bizarre few weeks where he went on an insane copying spree.
The administration had also held off supporting lethal military aid for the Kiev government, which is also authorized in the bill.
The ad showed a stud bull finding romance to the tune of Hot Chocolate's "You Sexy Thing," as he is dropped off in a meadow filled with cows.
The advocacy group for the adult film industry has called off a production moratorium after just a day because a performer's HIV test turned out to be a false positive.
The ad was designed to show off Volvo truck's precision steering.
The agreement struck in November with representatives from Iran, the United States, Britain, China, Russia, France and Germany has been widely hailed as a successful interim measure to stave off an unwanted conflict over Tehran's nuclear program.
The AirAsia plane with 161 people on board lost contact with ground control on Sunday while flying over the Java Sea after taking off from a provincial city in Indonesia for Singapore, and search and rescue operations were underway.
The alleged comments, which are under investigation by the NBA, have set off reactions of anger and calls for action through the league.
The Americans were about to romp into the round of 16 at the World Cup, about to walk off with their first come-from-behind win at soccer’s showcase.
The announcement followed inconclusive talks over the terms of a retirement scheme between the VC pilots' union and the management of Lufthansa last week, which were broken off on Thursday.
The anti-government movement said the explosion happened shortly before rally leader Suthep Thaugsuban was due to pass. "The bomb went off about 30 metres (100 feet) from Suthep," protest spokesman Akanat Promphan told AFP.
The area was cordoned off with yellow police tape Friday.
Thearon W. Henderson/Getty Images LOS ANGELES - Southern California cornerback Josh Shaw has admitted to lying to school officials about how he sprained his ankles last weekend, retracting his story about jumping off a balcony to save his drowning nephew.
The association kicked off an educational campaign in Windsor, Ont., Tuesday night.
The Big Egg will be rocking the next time they're in it, as they square off with their oldest rivals for the right to participate in the Japan Series.
The biggest mystery surrounding the project, whether it would ever get off the ground, is about to be resolved.
The Buckeyes then turned it over when Ross drove and passed to Williams, the ball going out of bounds off his hands with 13 seconds left.
The Bulls could have used Rose, who has expressed a desire take more time off during the regular season.
The bus had a "child reminder system" which sets off an alarm at the back of the bus when a driver turns off the engine.
The caption called on Kane to take some of the cash off of his back and donate it to the formula drive.
The case set off a firestorm on Capitol Hill over rules that, at the time, empowered commanders, who served as the “convening authority” in court-martial cases, to overturn jury verdicts.
The CBC’s Melissa Kent, reporting from New York, said authorities have closed off several city blocks surrounding the scene as they search for anyone trapped in the structure.
The celeb chef's new 25-seater is named after his grandmother, and the set tasting menu is based off a singular seasonal ingredient.
" The censor somehow managed to cut off everything immediately before the curse word, and the sound came back in just in time to hear Bisset say "shit" on live TV.
"The chlorination levels are checked each and every day, seven days a week, and as well once a month we send water samples off to the province for testing, and I must say that Nain's water supply is as good as it gets in this province."
The Choson dynasty, which ruled Korea from the 14th to early 20th century, kept the country isolated from the outside world, both as a way to fend off foreign invasions and out of a belief in the superiority of its Confucian culture.
The City of Sikeston needs to back off from this issue and say we are no longer supporting this.
The city saw a standoff Saturday that culminated in insurgents setting buses alight to ward off attacks.
The co-branded Android tablet now comes with a 10.1-inch screen option, following on from the 7-inch tablet that kicked off the collaboration between Samsung and Barnes & Noble earlier this year.
The collapse of the American and European financial markets, in 2007 and 2008, which stripped much of the luster off our image as the global economic leaders.
The Commerce Department plans to lay off nearly 60 workers from the affected divisions.
The company has also recommended customers avoid using clothes dryers and turn off Christmas lights during those hours.
The controversial athlete - who has been involved in fights with mascots and team-mates before - took off his vest when closing in on the win, jumping the last hurdle with the garment in his mouth.
The Costa Concordia was floating again, 30 months after the cruise ship hit a reef and partly capsized off the island in central Italy.
The country crooner is coming off last year’s platinum-selling “Based on a True Story” and has built prime-time familiarity as a judge on “The Voice.”
The deal also appeases one influential investor, billionaire activist Carl Icahn, who has been calling for the past year for eBay to spin off PayPal but backed off earlier this year after eBay added one of Icahn's candidate picks to its board.
The decision was a long-time coming but when Bopara, who hit 25, walked off England were in deep trouble on 209 for nine.
The department says he reported he was snorkeling off Airplane Beach area of west Maui when he glimpsed a five-foot shark, felt a bump, and then immediate pain.
The disappearance of Flight 8501 also stirred painful memories of the families of people on board Malaysia Airlines Flight 370, which dropped off radar over the South China Sea in March.
"The Division of Consumer Affairs investigators acted with alacrity to help this consumer, found a potentially deadly problem, and worked with the company to get these vehicles off the roads in New Jersey."
The drive was 18 plays for 79 yards with an elapsed time of 6:19 off the clock.
The Duchess, wearing a cerise Mulberry coat and a black maternity dress by Seraphine, carefully placed the blooms down as William held an umbrella over her to ward off torrential rain.
The Dutch pioneer of low-energy LED light bulbs strongly supports EU regulations that have forced traditional incandescent bulbs off the market for consuming too much power.
The E! late night talk show host confirmed on her show, "Chelsea Lately," that she's once again single after dating Balazs on and off for two years.
The energy giant announced plans to spin off its nuclear, oil, coal and gas operations - a move that will include selling its businesses in Spain and Portugal to Australian investment firm Macquarie for 2.5 billion euros ($ 3.11 billion).
The engine shuts off at long stoplights and other lengthy pauses, then restarts when the driver lifts his or her foot from the brake.
The engines of both vessels are visible at low tide off San Francisco's Lands End, inside the waters of Golden Gate National Recreation Area.
The entire country has been sealed off from its Ebola-ridden neighbours.
The environmental groups said EPA pledged it would revamp its urban stormwater rules in 2009, but backed off from those plans.
The event drew mostly residents who supported the takeover, and it took place at a roundabout where just a few days earlier soldiers in riot gear had faced off against hundreds of anti-junta protesters.
The event is a great way for kids of all ages to show off their Halloween costumes, play games, and of course, check out books.
The expanded operation — involving up to 200 men, several stealth ships, minesweepers and helicopters — came as reports circulated of a suspicious man in black clothes wading off one of the islands.
The expiring tax increases "will not necessarily cause a sudden revenue drop off — a 'fiscal cliff' — for the annual state budget process," Taylor said.
The fabric can be ripped off or carefully removed by taking out all staples and tacks.
The famously stubborn Trump laughed off a question as to whether he would bid on Coking's home — just to have the last word.
The fate of the arches has touched off a heated debate about the limits of outdoor play on public lands in an age when X Games daredevils and popular stunt videos beckon more and more weekend adventurers to seek out the same thrills.
The figures "will inevitably spark speculation that the US recovery is somehow coming off the rails again," said Paul Ashworth, an economist at Capital Economics.
The film, apart from showing off the band at the height of their popularity, stands as a brilliant work of comedic filmmaking and is rightly considered one of the best British films ever made.
The Finns are confident they can pull off an upset.
The fire department established a command center at Kaneohe District Park and the helicopter was able to locate and airlift the hikers out at about 7:30 a.m. Haiku Stairs has been closed and fenced off since 2003.
The first course kicked off in February and costs $499.
The five-day expedition was part of a long-term archaeological survey of the Gulf of the Farallones National Marine Sanctuary, which covers about 1,300 square miles of the Pacific Ocean off the Northern California coast.
The free skate is much more physically taxing than the short program, and the 31-year-old is coming off back surgery last spring.
The game kicks off at 7 p.m. We can't wait to see you there, as we Sack Hunger together.
The gas blasts lava into pieces, and ash-size pieces are carried off in the wind.
The Gaye estate followed with a countersuit that accused Thicke of not only ripping off "Got to Give It Up" but infringing on the copyright of Gaye's "After the Dance" and having a "Marvin Gaye fixation."
The Giants play again on Tuesday at 5:07 p.m. PT, when we face off against the Kansas City Royals in game one of the 2014 World Series.
The glory days of jumping on Facebook and getting a huge return are gone Business (B2B) brands are much better off being here on LinkedIn or Twitter.
The goal of Sunday’s People’s Climate March, which kicked off a week of 145 climate-related events in New York City alone, was to rally 100,000 people from all walks of life to demand climate action and climate justice now.
The good defense led to turnovers and rebounds, keeping Tennessee off the glass and allowing Iowa to get out and run.
"The good news is they couldn't win the game off of that.
The GOP-led House and the Democratic-controlled Senate, in a compromise, put Gov. Terry Branstad in charge of signing off on any payments for publicly funded abortions.
The government's preferred approach would be to set up a 'bad bank' with the support of Austria's healthy banks who could absorb some of Hypo's 13 billion Euros of toxic assets and keep them off state debt.
The governor barely took a beat before he was off again, extolling the most wondrous state in the nation — “we are the window to the world!”
The group was winched to safety after their boat broke its anchor and drifted while they were exploring a rocky outcrop off Australia's Whitsundays Islands on Monday.
The Hammers couldn't relax until the final whistle however as they had to survive the final 30 minutes without England striker Andy Carroll, who was sent off for violent conduct following a clash with Swansea's Chico Flores.
The Hampton Inn Spartanburg North, located off I-85 at Exit 78, is a leading choice among hotels in Spartanburg South Carolina.
The head of Atlantic City's main casino workers' union demanded state lawmakers help head off what he called a "pending catastrophe" that will affect the state's tourism industry and tax collections.
The history of the car is like a family tree: You go off on historical tangents."
The home behind her had water rushing into the basement as Rock Hill Fire Department worked to quickly shut off the electric.
The home is located at the end of an unpaved street off Donaldson Camp Road.
The home side continued to push forward in search of an equalizer but Mattia Destro's effort was hacked off the line as City's nerves began to fray.
The Huskies pulled off a 17-13 upset of No. 8 Stanford at CenturyLink Field two years ago.
The Huskies struggled to finish off games earlier this season, but not on Sunday.
The Illini led by two at the half this time, then watched the Hoosiers rip off a 10-3 spurt out of the locker room for a 38-33 edge.
The incident followed an altercation when a group of children set off firecrackers during a religious event earlier on Saturday.
The incident set off days of sometimes violent protests in the St. Louis suburb.
The incidents occurred on Sunday as Papelbon allowed four runs in the ninth inning and was booed off the field.
Their 16-year-old son will head off to college in three years.
Their offense has kept them afloat most of their season but their defense has fallen off the edge of the world.
Their triumph in that case will surely be a bigger blow for the global cause of human rights than cutting off aid or imposing other sanctions on African people.
The Islamist militant group Abu Sayyaf in Philippines kidnapped two Germans and threatened to kill them if the militants didn't get a $5.6 million ransom and if the West didn't back off of ISIS.
The Islanders were coming off two consecutive losses, including a 60-46 defeat at Lake Washington on Tuesday.
The Istanbul talks were called to decide on the council, which the Orthodox have been preparing on and off since the 1960s, but the Ukraine crisis overshadowed their talks at the office of spiritual leader Ecumenical Patriarch Bartholomew.
The Italian Red Cross said two rivers had overflowed and that some neighborhoods were cut off from rescuers.
The items, which range from DVDs and drinking games to lingerie, will be auctioned off online in 400 lots of dozens of items each.
The ivory tusks were chopped off of two female adult elephants.
The Jets (16-10-6) look to build off a 5-1 victory over the Buffalo Sabres Tuesday, a game that saw yet another Winnipeg blue-liner hit the injury list.
The judge isn't gonna let him off at all, he has a nice long list of charges coming at him.
The jury will have Friday off while U.S. District Judge James S. Spencer deals with motions, then return Monday for the start of the defense case.
The killing has set off a new wave of tense protests.
The landscape is littered with clayballs the size of ambulances that rolled off the hill and smashed everything in their path.
The last check may be whether he pulls off his gambit to reshape the Turkish political system and rule supremely as president.
The last round of loans raised the question of whether and could shake off their creaky ways and survive to pay the money back.
The last time the Huskies beat a ranked opponent was in the 2013 season opener, when they knocked off No. 19 Boise State, which was then coached by Chris Petersen.
The layoffs represent 2% of the store's U.S. employee count of about 116,000 and are the largest since 2010 when Sam's Club laid off 10,000 workers as it moved to outsource food demonstrations at its stores.
The leading theory is contamination came while taking off their protective gear.
The Liberal Democrat Cabinet minister, who has told his officials not to engage with Treasury work on cuts for the next parliament, said Autumn Statement proposals for further deep reductions in budgets had not been signed off by his party.
The list's primary focus is locally owned restaurants, and so large chains such as In-n-Out and Five Guys were left off the list, while small, Utah-centric chains such as Crown Burgers and JCW's were included.
“The little bit that we’ve seen him out there, I think it’s going to be getting the rust off and remembering how to make plays.”
The loss of contact with the plane comes nearly 10 months after the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370, which dropped off radar over Southeast Asia on March 8 with 239 people on board.
The lurchers make up two thirds of the pack of "wild dogs" that have been roaming Strood’s streets and picking off family pets.
The main factor pushing down eurozone bond yields was a remark by ECB head Mario Draghi on Friday assuring that the bank would ward off any threat of deflation.
The man then took off on foot.
The Masters: Golf's new 'boy wonder?' April 8, 2014 -- Updated 1204 GMT (2004 HKT) He's been mistaken for Tiger Woods' ball-boy, but that won't be the case when amateur star Matt Fitzpatrick tees off at the Masters.
The men from Asaib Ahl al-Haq, which has ties to Iran and has been fighting alongside police and army forces against IS jihadists, then blocked off the street with their sport utility vehicles.
The men, who also had a tripod and video camera, packed up their equipment and drove off in a white Mazda, according to police.
The militants load the material on to a truck and set off to prepare for the next mission.
The military boots on the display were kicked off the pedestal.
The militias have chosen different sides in the conflict and are now squaring off against each other across the country.
The more important stat was the 13-1 edge in points off turnovers for Wisconsin.
The most painful kick came from referee Mark Geiger, who awarded a penalty when a bouncing ball in the Vancouver box barely glanced off the right arm of Kendall Waston as the Whitecaps defender tried to put his hands behind his back.
The mother has been charged with human trafficking, cruelty to a child, living off the earnings of prostitution, failure to provide care for a child and failure to secure education for a child.
The museum, which first opened in 1991, is now ready to show off new, emotionally hard-hitting exhibits and flashy, informative interactive displays.
The National Weather Service says a powerful low-pressure system will develop off the Mid-Atlantic coast Tuesday night.
The neighbor, who did not want to be identified, said he yelled to the suspects that he was calling police and that's when the burglars took off on stolen bicycles.
The new guidelines call for full-body garb and hoods to protect health care workers' necks; rigorous rules for removal of equipment and disinfection of hands; and a "site manager" to supervise the putting on and taking off of equipment.
The New York centre one-timed the rebound of Johnny Boychuk's point shot, which had ricocheted off the backboard, past Bernier.
Then he lops off another branch.
The No. 2 thing is to get all these sick (people) off the streets,” she said.
Then the lead singer gave me his Skunk Records jacket off his back.
The NWS lifted its blizzard warning at 4:00 a.m. High arctic winds whipped moist warmer air off of the Great Lakes and dumped it as snow there and in other places along their shores.
The officers had earlier learned that the target's wife had recently seen Dorner in the neighborhood appearing to case the location, and just prior to the shooting officers heard over police radio that Dorner was getting off the freeway nearby, Beck said.
•The Ohio Republican Party has come up with a way which may keep the Libertarian Party off the statewide ballot this year.
The oil spill resulted from the April 20, 2010, explosion of BP's Deepwater Horizon rig off the coast of Louisiana.
"The Opera House was fantastic, but the thing that really got me was the sparks, the golden curtain of sparks going off the bridge."
The ophthalmological assistant said her family finally paid off the credit card debt they incurred in 2010 when her husband lost his job.
The original cast of "The Love Boat" will ride on the float, which comes on the heels of this ensemble christening Princess' newest cruise ship Regal Princess to kick off the company's golden anniversary year.
The particles strike molecules in the atmosphere, which give off light in particular wavelengths — the auroras.
The party says its plans are the most ambitious reforms since the late supreme leader Deng Xiaoping's launch of market-oriented change in 1979 that set off China's boom.
The pastor used a nominee trust account to keep his name off the books.
The PC market is coming off its worst year ever, with industry shipments dropping 10 percent last year, researcher Gartner Inc said.
"The photo was posted on my Facebook page and I took it off a few days later.
The plane took off at 8:45 a.m. EDT from the Greater Rochester International Airport.
The police description of the journal entries, written sporadically over a one-year period, provides some clues though not a complete explanation for what set off the shooting.
The presses need to stop forever, with the delivery trucks shunted off to the scrapyard.
The prime minister has told some MPs he felt terrible leaving them behind while he was hustled off to a more secure location.
The program is the bank's flagship tool in a new stimulus package it hopes will stave off deflation and revive the ailing euro zone economy.
The proposed halibut fishery off Neah Bay and La Push is set to open May 15, and fishing will be allowed Thursdays and Saturdays only through May 17. Catches will then be assessed to see if additional openings are possible.
The public was encouraged to drop off items to be recycled at the Houston County Farm Center parking lot.
The radar system picks up energy reflected off the flies, with the image's intensity reflecting the density of the bugs.
The rains cut off power to nearly 300,000 homes in the cities of Tongren, Zunyi and Bijie, Xinhua reported.
There are pictures of people jumping off the cliffs into the water, swimming.
The Redbirds took a 28-25 lead into intermission on Bobby Hunter's buzzer-beating layup off a full-court set play.
There has been no let-up in the bloodshed, with seven bombs going off across Baghdad from around noon (0900 GMT), while militants also mounted a massive, though ultimately abortive, assault on a jail in northern Iraq.
The renewed clashes despite the declaration of truce follow days of violence, the most deadly since protests kicked off three months ago after Yanukovych shelved an association agreement with the European Union in favor of closer ties with Russia.
The Republican establishment is off to a good start this primary season, but it had an easy opener.
There was no standalone savior for Portland in Game 4, though among those most vital in staving off the Blazers’ elimination were Lopez (nine points, 12 rebounds) and Will Barton (17 points on 13 shots, six rebounds).
There weren’t as many tears this time — but there were tears — and Watson capped off his win by walking off the green, picking up his son, and giving him a big kiss on the cheek.
There were times when I had to restart just because I couldn’t help but drive off the track to get a closer look at the level design.
There will be a few showers to start off with, especially in the north of the country.
The right-hander was coming off a 7-3 victory last week against San Diego.
The roadside attraction off Interstate 15 in Baker was relit Thursday after a major renovation.
The rocket, built and flown by United Launch Alliance, a partnership of Lockheed Martin Corp and Boeing Co, was due to lift off at 2:56 a.m. PDT (5:56 a.m. EDT, 0956 GMT) from a launch pad that had not been used in nearly three years.
The roof was ripped off the building of the Jack Morris Gas Co., a natural gas supplier.
The rout, which trimmed 200 points off the Dow, was led by some unsettling news about manufacturing and by a drop in airline shares on Ebola worries.
The rubble, about 30 tons of chalk, was removed and the car park in Quay Lane was sealed off as work was undertaken.
The school laid off 28 employees earlier this year to help close a multimillion-dollar deficit.
The screenshots of what is alleged to be Threshold Build 9834 show off a number of features, some of which Microsoft officials have said to expect in the next major Windows release, and some of which tipsters have said are in the works.
These aspiring MBAs usually have to take off for a semester or a quarter.
These efforts have paid off by increasing the number of women partners from 31 to 81 in just five years, an increase of 174%.
These holes in mid or upper-level cloud layers are likely caused by airplanes taking off or landing.
The sentencing judgment requires Tulli pay restitution, which includes almost $100,000 to the IRS on behalf of Cuts Plus, but Ramon still isn't off the hook.
The shooting has set off over a week of protests in Ferguson, Missouri.
The shootings set off a chaotic scene as students ran out of the cafeteria and building in a frantic dash to safety while others were told to stay put inside classrooms at the school, 30 miles north of Seattle.
The shortage peaked at 8.8 percent in September 2012, Wines said, when both apples and pears are coming off trees.
The singer-songwriter-actress, 28, got off to an explosive start with her 2008 Grammy-winning album “Fame.”
The smaller RDX crossover SUV was up, but all Acura car models were well off last year's numbers.
The soldier hadn't come out to the show, so he paused for a moment, pulled off the Saint Christopher medal he had around his neck, gave it to Robin and said, 'This has protected me through three missions, so now I'm giving it to you,' " Hanson said.
The son does go off to fight, and eventually achieves martyrdom.
The sound of sporadic automatic gunfire echoed off the mountains from undetermined locations.
The South American giant is in the process of exploring major oil fields off its shores that could make it one of the world's top petroleum exporters.
The spare tire placed up front provides an aesthetic element as well as crash protection, and the body panels are kept to a minimum in order to show off the vehicle's aluminum substructure.
The spin-off is something HP originally explored three years ago only to back off after CEO Meg Whitman concluded the company would be stronger if it held on to the PC division.
The state-appointed National Council for Human Rights had lobbied the government to put off the decision, which was initially published in a state-owned newspaper as an advertisement without any prior notification to the groups.
The strategy worked early on as Alvarez had trouble cutting off the ring and often threw wild right hands that caught nothing but air.
The switch to solar will be about equal to taking 12,500 cars off the road, Knapp said.
The TD Garden crowd in Boston jeers Subban, but the Canadiens defenseman denied feeding off it.
The team is coming off a disappointing 3-15 record in the 2013 season and a rocky 2012 season, giving them a 9-27 record for the past two years.
The teen, Loren Leslie, was found dead on a remote logging road just off Highway 27 near Vanderhoof, B.C., in November 2010.
The tennis ball that just bounced off your car is a reminder that there's more than just you out on the road.
The thinking went that it was better to get some of the rust off at the end of one season than at the beginning of the next.
The third set changed the match, as Mason got off to a great start and led by as many five when they pulled ahead, 7-2.
The top Canadian entry was driven by Justin Kripps, who was fourth, about a quarter of a second off the pace for the two runs.
The tourism industry declined with the start of the Jasmine Revolution, which kicked off in late 2010 and ousted longtime leader Zine El Abidine Ben Ali.
The tribe had been working to fend off ISIS militants, but began to run low on ammunition, food, and fuel last week.
The trip was the climax of a week's training for 150 Navy personnel awaiting promotion to chief petty officer, who learned how to set the topsails off a three-masted frigate.
The turn off from millions of visitors and the bad reputation has cost Hawaii millions of dollars to governments, businesses and workers.
The two hit it off and when Michigan State beat Michigan for the Big Ten title on Sunday, Holsworth helped Payne cut down the nets.
The two-hour special will show off space both from the view of the astronauts, as well as the ground team in Mission Control in Houston.
The two influences have fed off of each other since.
The two rivals had faced off in a first debate session on Aug.5, and both men stuck to familiar arguments Monday.
The two runner-up films weren't close to the leader, but both held up strongly and were off roughly 40 percent from solid showings last weekend.
"The ultimate goal is to meet someone who might champion your game — a fan who will go off and tell their friends about it.
The University of Louisiana-Lafayette's Ragin' Cajuns are headed back to New Orleans to face off against the University of Nevada-Reno's Wolf Pack.
The U.S. Geological Survey did locate a 2.7-magnitude earthquake off the west coast of Sumatra at the time of the "seismic event" noted by the Chinese.
The Western Australia government is set to install baited hooks off Perth's popular beaches in response to seven fatal shark attacks in three years.
The White House has responded to a petition on the White House website calling for an apology and the removal of Jimmy Kimmel's television show, by saying the comedian can't be forced off the air.
The White House says a ban is off the table.
"The whole front end of the black car was just totally gone and the power pole was sheared right off about a foot off the ground.
The winger fired one shot wide, saw a second effort deflect behind off one of his team-mates and then swung over a cross-shot which Lincoln gathered on the stretch.
The witness said he and other guards called the police from the checkpoint and they cordoned off the area.
The World Bank on Wednesday warned that fear of the deadly virus is choking off economic activity in the worst-hit countries, with potentially "catastrophic" results.
The wrecks happened on westbound Interstate 70 at Interstate 270 around 6:15 a.m. One of the vehicles involved in a wreck appeared to have hit a Missouri Highway Patrol car when being moved off the road.
They are not members of the Histadrut with protection so if they want to strike they have legal protection in this case if the employers find them troublesome because they are out striking regularly they will lay them off and hire somebody else.
They argue the City should hold off on the sale until a transportation study comes in on the impacts of the future cancer centre at the Foothills Hospital (across the street).
They can lift it two to three meters off the seabed," he said.
They chanted "I want true democracy" and "We will be back" but offered no resistance as they were taken away one by one, many lifted off the ground.
They dropped off food and supplies and carried about 20 people away to safety, hauling them aboard in a chaotic scene.
They especially right now need fans, a/c units, etc to help cool people off this hot summer.
They even knocked off Old Forge in the semifinals along the way.
"They have demonstrated the law can work, but we are a ways off from being able to judge its success," said Larry Levitt, an expert on health insurance markets at the nonpartisan Kaiser Family Foundation.
They like their athletes off recreationals & PEDs.
They meet again Tuesday in an election that gives tea party conservatives their best shot this year at knocking off an incumbent Republican senator.
They monstered the Crusaders pack in the first half and feasted off a stream of turnover balls to lead 26-7 at half-time with four tries in the bag.
They show off the farmhouse with pride—the old “servants bathroom,” the fruit orchard, the hand carved mahogany railings—that they invested years and many dollars into restoring.
"They stayed in this spot for most of the day, finally heading off into the field at sunset."
They try to play bad cop good cop to try to vier off world opinion of the terror they bring to the arab world.
They will hand out toys on Tues (12/16) so they request you drop them off by then.
Thirty two passengers and crew died when the Concordia slammed into a reef off Tuscany and capsized Jan. 13, 2012.
This GPS Guide is part of a series of posts designed to bring you back to balance when you're feeling off course.
This is significantly greater than a theoretical maximum known as the Eddington limit, which is the point at which the energy given off by matter rushing toward a black hole should curb the amount of matter feeding that black hole.
This is the first single off an upcoming, yet-to-be titled EP.
This planetary nebula's simple, graceful appearance is thought to be due to perspective: our view from Earth looking straight into what is actually a barrel-shaped cloud of gas shrugged off by a dying central star.
This should burn off pretty quickly and we will… Person shot in leg overnight in Indianapolis A shooting victim is expected to recover and police are searching for the shooter after the far-east side crime.
This year, Dragon Products laid off 20% of the plant's employees permanently, and temporarily furloughed 30% to 50% of the remaining 110 workers during seven weeks as the factory ran at two-thirds capacity.
"Those are guys that you never take off the field.
Those unable to pay are kept in captivity and forced to work off their debt.
"Those were deep relationships, which paid off particularly in moments of crisis," says Ivereigh.
Thousands of Indian workers were given the day off by their employers and given free tickets to watch India play at the tournament, even though most were ardent cricket fans.
Three service holds spoke of some more dogged resistance in the third set as he fought off six break points at 3-3, but when Murray crunched a backhand return on the seventh, the win appeared to be as good as his.
Through a complex transaction announced just last week, two owners of both newspapers and TV stations, E.W. Scripps and Journal Communications, agreed to combine their stations and spin off their papers.
Thursday, April 10, 2014 (Flight MH370 Malaysia backs off China tourism promos Malaysia is putting off tourism promotions in the wake of the missing Malaysia Airlines plane tragedy and a fall in Chinese visitors to the country.
Tickets online to Hefei sold out in seconds, says Zhou, so she bought one to the first stop in Tianjin, hoping the conductors wouldn't throw them off in this time of goodwill.
To celebrate the launch of Mars probe MAVEN on November 18, NASA showed off this mosaic from the Viking 1 Orbiter, which passed by the planet over 30 years ago, on February 22, 1980.
To fend off the animal, he picked up an old computer from the heap and heaved it at the beast.
Together, the pads serve two purposes: to show off a carefully curated environment fit for 2009 Esquire Man—and to lock in sponsors to buying pages of magazine advertising.
Tom Gilbert shot from the slot and Hayes deflected it off his stick at 16:28.
Toomey pressed for Castro to express whether he supports use of eminent domain, but Castro didn’t waver, sending Toomey off in frustration.
Top storylines Pablo Blazquez Dominguez / Getty Images file Bluefin tuna are seen swimming around nets on June 3 off Spain's Barbate coast.
Toronto killed off four Dallas power plays.
To stave off the risk of recession and deflation, the Swiss National Bank capped the franc at 1.20 to the euro in 2011 but prices growth remains largely absent.
Towle said Saher’s report reveals a government "completely off the rails."
Traffic from the North End was detoured at Denny Way, but Interbay traffic was allowed onto the Alaskan Way Viaduct at Elliott Avenue, and allowed off at the Atlantic Street exit in Sodo, the West Seattle Blog said.
Transportation officials in all three Maritime provinces urged drivers to stay off the roads if possible.
Troise says investors should ask how to unbundle their portfolios to direct some money into low-fee mutual funds that don’t shave as much off returns.
Troopers say a car drove off the I-82 East and rolled into the Buena pond.
Troy (2-8, 2-4 Sun Belt) is coming off a convincing 45-21 victory over Georgia State last weekend.
Troy Hillman, an arbourist who was dropping off debris at the Spyhill landfill, agreed it's tough to see.
Truck went off the road.
True freshman Davon Godchaux, who was not spoken about much by Miles in August, was the first defensive tackle off the bench after Christian LaCouture and Quentin Thomas started the game.
Two great teams walked onto the field; two great teams walked off the field."
Two well-struck cuts for fours off spinners Rohit Sharma and Jadeja took Cook to within sight of a half century.
Udall has made it a centerpiece of his campaign to stave off a strong challenge from GOP Rep. Cory Gardner.
Unfortunately, Maura never made it to the event as she fell off her bicycle and broke her arm minutes after picking up her volunteer shirt.
United States 2, Sweden 0 Puck movement pays off for the United States, as Kacey Bellamy sends a slap shot through traffic and into the net.
United States 6, Sweden 1 Brianna Decker rifles a puck off the crossbar after taking a feed from Amanda Kessel.
Urias’ toughest challenge in his first season stateside actually came off the field.
USA TODAY Sports 6. Indiana power forward Noah Vonleh has the balance of aggressive inside play and some guard skills that Chris Bosh showed off before joining the Heat, when he was an All-NBA player with the Raptors.
US coastguards sent a vessel to rescue him about 50 miles off the coast and he has now been taken back to New York.
"Usually I try to take off during July and August, because the kids are out of school, to spend time with the family.
Valcourt signed off on clean-up plans for Giant Mine this week.
Vawn Himmelsbach of Travel Week Magazine spoke of how much she loves the "Laid back vibe" of Grand Bahama and the fact the she can just walk right off the resort and have access to all sorts of activities.
VC called off planned strike action earlier this month after the airline reopened negotiations on the scheme.
Verizon is killing off its 3G network to add more capacity for 4G smartphones and tablets.
Veterans could then walk off the calories in national parks, which are offering free admission to everyone, and get their energy back with a free 12-ounce cup of Starbucks brewed coffee for current and former military members and their spouses.
Vetri is also striking a deal to shuttle his patrons to and from events at the nearby sports complex; it’s also 15 minutes from Center City, a clear shot off I-95 and I-76, and there is plenty of parking.
Video: Shooting victim jumps off stretcher, runs from police, medics Police said three people were shot.
View gallery A police K-9 team walks into the closed off south entrance to Red Rocks Amphitheater, in Morrison, C … ScHoolboy Q said on Twitter Friday that he was OK.
View gallery Herve Gourdel was kidnapped Sunday in the restive, mountainous Tizi Ouzou region in eastern Algeria … A passionate photographer and mountaineer, Gourdel liked going off the beaten track, though he was always careful, his friends said.
View gallery In this photo released by the Syrian official news agency SANA, a group of nuns, who were freed afte … Negotiations for the nuns' release had been going on and off for weeks.
View gallery MSI Reveals Concept Gaming Notebook, Possibly World's Lightest In an exclusive sneak peek, MSI showed off a mysterious concept gaming notebook.
View gallery The derelict and cordoned off Handsworth railway bridge, March 12, 2009 in Rotherham, England.
View photo FILE - In this Jan. 19, 2010 file photo, a window washer cleans off the lettering at Morgan Stanley headquarters, in New York.
View photo This Gadget Allows Cars to (Almost) Drive Themselves Google's driverless car initiative has been off to a great start, getting approval from legislators in California for real world testing, and even its own mini-city in Michigan.
Vikings preparing like Peterson won't be there The Vikings come off their bye week still waiting for the NFL to act but hardly pinning any plans on a possible Peterson return.
Vitalii Sediuk was led away in handcuffs at Maleficent premiere Mr Sediuk was reportedly seen jumping over a barrier, hugging and then striking the star, knocking off his sunglasses.
"Wanna Be Manor" is the first song off their first EP, Peace Thru Vandalism, released in 1982.
Watch the video above for more from Mallampalli and Varga on how to quiet the mind and drift off to dreamland.
Waters off Antarctica had long been largely protected, but as fishing advances into the area, many species and ecosystems face previously unknown threats.
“We are coming off a positive win away from home, so we can’t afford to throw that away at the weekend against a tough team,” Cahill said.
We can see blanket racism as a public health threat, and the delusion of shutting off America as equal to an ostrich hiding its head.
Wednesday's advance took place less than a month after Hezbollah and the Syrian army recaptured the rebel stronghold of Yabroud, choking off the vital supply line into central Syria.
Week 15 23-0 win at New York Giants The Seahawks' first trip to New Jersey this season went off without a hitch.
We encourage lively, open debate on the issues of the day, and ask that you refrain from profanity, hate speech, personal comments and remarks that are off point.
"We ended up getting off on Hawley Road, and driving all the way around," said Vielehr.
We fed off it.”
We feel like if we can improve anywhere from 2-4 seconds off what we have that we’ll be right where we want to be.”
We got our first look at the product back at CES in January, and Sony is showing it off yet again here at Mobile World Congress.
We got our tickets and off we went arrived 45 minutes early but yes you guessed it the same happened, got turned away and they are full again.
We have set our moral compass on this erroneous premise, and we have strayed so far off course that the landscape we now inhabit provides us with no solutions and greatly increases the problem.
"We hope the US can shake off bias, view the development of China's defense capability objectively and rationally, stop issuing the relevant reports, and make concrete efforts in China-US military cooperation," Hong said.
"We know in the West, it's a beast, and you don't want to take too many games off because it's tough to catch-up," Parker said.
Wendy's International bought the chain in 1995 and hung on to it until 2006 when it was spun off as a separate public company.
“We need to avoid taking our foot off the gas, even if there is not a huge amount at stake,” Debuchy said.
"We never seemed to wake up getting off the bus (against Fox) and got a little lag.
We reached out to friends and used Facebook ads to bring in an initial fan base of about 500 people, and things just took off from there.
“We’re fresh off of tour, so we’re excited to bring that energy to the release show,” he says.
We're taking a close look at its specs to see how they compare to the devices it's facing off with.
We see Tip Calculator as an acceptable utility for most individuals, but anyone that can use a standard calculator will be better off without this application.
… West Midlands Police said officers had arrested a man, 20, and a 19-year-old woman from Walsall, central England, "on suspicion of Syria-related terrorism offences" at Heathrow Airport on Tuesday as they got off a flight from Turkey.
We’ve just got to develop some consistency off this and keep going.”
"We were warehousing people with serious mental health issues in long-term isolated confinement, then we were dropping them off back in the community with no transition back to human contact, no mental health care, and it's incredibly dangerous."
What a great way to top off SHOPPING.
"What that is going to do is it's going to kill some of the bacteria that could have had an opportunity to grow while it was sitting out on the table or in the cooling off period."
When Aaron Paul won his third best-supporting actor Emmy for the role of Jesse in Breaking Bad, his acceptance speech started off pretty standard.
Whenever I hear someone attach the term “strategic” to “planning,” or wax on about “the new world of health care,” I turn off the sound.
When I finally agreed to dropping them off instead of staying with them, I cautioned them every time: "Don't scare the white folks."
When I wrote it on actual paper with those outdated pencils and kept it on the refrigerator, I too often left it right there when I traipsed off to the grocery store.
When last we saw Sherlock, he was lurking in the graveyard shadows, having somehow survived throwing himself off a tall building.
When one task gets crossed off of the list, three more show up.
When picking out a bottle of wine, don't be afraid to wander off the beaten path, advises Puckette.
When she got off the plane the gate agent told her he would put it in her profile that she had to buy two seats.
When the USS Guardian ran aground off the Philippines last year, the U.S. Navy in part blamed incorrect digital charts.
When they looked, they realised that his fingernails had been ripped off completely on four of his fingers, and partially on the other fingers.
“When we made our run in the first half, it was kind of off of defensive rebounds and turnovers,” Rose said.
“When we were lackadaisical on offense after being off three days, Noah was the one guy who sparked us.
“When you saw and heard the ball coming off his bat, you understand his power.’
Which foods are off Russian menus? August 18, 2014 -- Updated 1236 GMT (2036 HKT) Europe's deteriorating relationship with Russia has hit its growth, even before food sanctions begin to bite.
Which foods are off Russian menus? August 18, 2014 -- Updated 1236 GMT (2036 HKT) Europe's deteriorating relationship with Russia has hit the region's growth, even before new food sanctions begin to bite.
While Ennis is a steady playmaker and effective pick-and-roll player, there are questions about his athleticism and his ability to make plays off the dribble against NBA defenders.
While getting 20% off your purchase is great, it’s not good if you are stuck with a high interest rate credit card you can’t pay off.
While the cease-fire was largely holding, it got off to a rocky start, highlighting the fragility of the talks and the risk of slipping back into conflict.
While the producers of the franchise are clearly courting the films' sizable Latino fan base, the calculated effort doesn't come off as pandering.
While Troughton-Smith's video shows Apple Maps in the car appearing in iOS 6's style — despite running off code included in iOS 7 — Stas' image of Maps features iOS 7's new design.
While uberX’s unlimited number of cars continue to be allowed to pick up and drop off passengers almost anywhere in King County, the city of Seattle has not increased the number of taxi licenses since 1990.
While you're worried about getting that perfect angle so you can post up a jealousy-inducing photo and feed off a short-lived ego boost from a few likes, you're actually preventing the memories of that experience from completely taking hold in your mind.
Who the hell are you to decide a species is better off extinct?
Why can't you take three feet, four feet, five feet off the sidewalk and be on the sidewalk?”
“Why don’t families get turned off when they go on vacation and see a bar and people drinking alcohol?
Wible, Houghton, Stine Road and Highway 119 were closed off during the incident.
Willcox has a daughter in college in the United States, another daughter living in Paris, and his wife lives on an island off the coast of Maine.
Williams, pausing to concentrate, was given a warning for a time violation in her last service game, and fended off a match point when Ivanovic netted a return.
Wilshere was forced off in the 55th minute after turning his right ankle in a challenge with McNair, and United struck barely a minute later.
Wind is barely breaking even, with backer Vimpelcom Ltd writing off its investment in the company.
With customers having almost no recourse except for violence, drug dealers can rip off pretty much anyone they want, either overcharging for their goods or handing over less product, or a lower quality one, than what's owed.
With England resuming on 247-2, Gary Ballance continued his strong form from Sunday, but was caught behind off Rohit Sharma by India captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni shortly before lunch on 156 — India's only breakthrough of the session.
With one out, new shortstop Ketel Marte drove an opposite-field two-run double off the base of the right field fence for a 2-0 lead.
With only a few reporters close enough to hear what he was saying, Lynch spoke for six minutes then backed off and wasted a lot of people’s time — an inexcusable situation for an event of this magnitude.
With two out and runners on second and third, Joseph hit a sinking liner to center that ticked off the glove of a diving Desmond Jennings.
Witnesses detained the attacker, 52, and prevented him from running off until the police arrived at the scene at Franz-Jonas-Platz to arrest him.
Witnesses earlier told reporters they heard unusual noises coming from the aircraft as it lifted off from the helipad atop KOMO's six-story headquarters after refueling.
Witnesses said the area outside the train station was cordoned off overnight.
Witnesses saw a two-foot chunk of ice fall off the tail; investigators concluded that icy conditions were to blame.
Women with uncomplicated pregnancies — about 45 percent of the total — were better off in the hands of midwives than hospital doctors during birth, according to new guidelines by the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence.
Workers closed a stretch of Grovehurst Road after a hole opened up A woman, whose driveway is in front of the hole, said: "I do night shifts so I'll have to use public transport to get to work later as I can't get the car off the driveway.
Working from the convenience of their rural homes, craftspeople would manufacture textiles or other goods on a piecework basis for middlemen who would drop off the raw materials and collect the finished products.
Would you be better off financially if you spent the money elsewhere?
Wreck of WWII German U-boat found October 23, 2014 -- Updated 1813 GMT (0213 HKT) A World War II German U-boat, sunk during the Battle of the Atlantic more than 72 years ago, has been discovered off the coast of North Carolina.
Wu began creating his bamboo barrier after the police, in a series of unexpected dawn raids on protest encampments Monday, carted off many of the barriers of steel or super-hardened plastic that the students had been using.
Yank it out, wipe off the Cheetos stains and show off your new attitude in all its rumpled glory.
Yeah, Matt Carlino came off the bench to contribute 18 points.
Yes, the scene of chariots tumbling off a collapsing mountainside is pretty awesome, but it’s a weird thing to watch thousands of civilians die horribly and merely be impressed by the special effects.
Yet the ECB has held off on the most drastic measure, massive purchases of government bonds with newly-created money.
You can drop off your books at any of the Eugene Duck Store location.
You can look for notes based on your location, time, or just look at the notes that have to-do items in them and check them off as they are completed.
"You can turn off your taps and minimize your pool and all that, but until we build more dams and increase the water storage, and get these clowns out of office, we're gonna be importing our food from China," he told KCRA television.
"You'd think that might put people off a movie about snow at some point."
"You get this vibe off him that he’s so mad all the time.
You'll avoid ripping some of the paint off the wall.
You'll eventually have to do it, but it's best to put it off for a bit.
"You'll start putting it off until something serious happens."
You need to apply that far in advance to allow time for cards to arrive, to meet spending limits, to pay off the bill, and for points to be awarded.
You’re better off pretending the invite went to your spam folder or ducking out of work early when everyone’s putting on their short-shorts.
Your posts come off really pathetic and petty.
You take your eye off the ball, meanwhile the private sector is slowly buying our congress.
"You've got clay balls the size of ambulances that have rolled off that hill and smashed everything that they've come in contact with," he said.
“You’ve got to feed off of this and come back even stronger.”
